No woman in this position is lucky; none are protected from the emotional assault that these 20-week bans inflict.
"Advocacy and organizing is the thing that has always made the difference." - Ilyse Hogue
These laws are dangerous, insulting, and upsetting.
This is a big setback  a phenomenal, shocking setback. It is not the first, and it will not be the last.
Thanks, Leslie. 
If Trump strides into office and decides he wants to undo 50 years of social progress, he will hear about it from a majority who disagrees.
Defunding Planned Parenthood. 20 week abortion bans. Overturning Roe v. Wade. Its all on the table under a President Trump. Help us fight back  http://bit.ly/2fhsdlg
Here's how you can stand up, fight back, and take action.
Whether you think abortion is wrong is irrelevant. Whether you think the woman may not be making the best decisions is irrelevant. Its her life, her body, and she gets to make the decision, not you.
The hard work of making change in America is very different from electing a president. Elections have endpoints. Social progress does not.
The Affordable Care Act has made birth control more affordable and accessible for millions of women. Donald Trump has promised to repeal it.
President-elect Donald Trump and Mike Pence have made it clear that they do not respect or trust women and hope to overturn Roe v. Wade. 

Help us fight back over the next 4 years: Donate.
On Tuesday night, the number of women of color in the U.S. Senate quadrupled.
Its not just that Americans are willing to overlook unfathomable depths of misogyny. Its that they actively rejected a woman who represents the opposite.
With your help, organizations on the right side of history can work harder than ever before.
This was not a triumph of the American dream, but a win for smallness, for xenophobia, for misogyny, for racism, for wall-building and humanity-banning, for a particular kind of American ugliness many thought we had overcome.
Tell them bigotry is not a democratic value, and that it will not be tolerated.
Today we feel how far we are from the promise of full equalitybut were ready for this fight. We stand with you. We will fight alongside you.
Time for a Tim Kaine fist-bump: Hillary Clinton won Virginia! #ImWithHer
Sexism, racism and misogyny ARE real issues.
Our womens suffrage foremothers didnt take s*** from anybody, and we shouldnt either.
This years election isnt just politics as usual for so many voters. This time, its personal.
Share if you voted for candidates who trust women to make their own reproductive health decisions!
Today is the day, fellow nasty women: Time to make your voices heard!
100 years ago, women didnt have the right to vote. Now were one step away from the first female president.
Happy Election Day! Check out which candidates in your state are endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice America: http://nar.al/5lg
Make sure Donald Trumps America doesnt become *our* America. Find your polling place and make a plan to vote  http://nar.al/5ld
42% of young girls who heard Mr. Trumps comments about women said it affected the way they thought about their bodies.
Dont forget to march those NASTY feet to cast those NASTY votes! Make sure you know where to vote  http://nar.al/5lb
Pay homage to feminist history: Wear white to vote.
This election is about the kind of future we want for our children.
We fought too hard for the right to vote to sit out now. Find your polling place  http://nar.al/5l9
These politicians have introduced and cosponsored dozens of anti-choice laws over the yearsbut you wont see much evidence of that on their official websites or Twitter feeds. Theres a reason for that.
Trumps horrific comments helped me realize how infrequently men talk about late-term abortions, if at all. And when they do, they tend to not talk about what a late-term abortion really is.
Together, we can make history! Find your polling place: http://nar.al/5l7
Sending love and support to every woman who may feel traumatized by the sexism and misogyny in this election. 
Reproductive freedom is on the ballot. Make your plan to vote   www.hillaryclinton.com/makeaplan
Did you know? Having a plan to vote makes you way more likely to make it to the polls on Election Day. Find your polling place and make a plan!
An American is sexually assaulted every 2 minutes. Donald Trump dismissed each and every one of them when he tried to discredit the women who came forward.
This has been a crucial year for abortion access, reproductive freedom, and gender equality and were not done yet. Time for one last push to elect Hillary Clinton president!
Our collective reflexive disdain comes from exasperation with not being taken seriously when we say that we are experiencing side effects, having pain or demanding better health care.
If you go to the polls next week thinking that abortion rights are currently safe, settled law, you fail to understand that the only thing Senate Republicans now appear to be running on is the purposeful dismantling of Roe v. Wade.
Let us harness the joy and excitement that we are all feeling and elect the first woman president of the United States of America! On Nov. 8, lets make history.
And were with her. Make a plan to vote: http://nar.al/5ky
Hillary Clinton has consistently shown that she is a fierce champion for reproductive freedom and gender equality. She has been fighting for women and families her entire life, and we can count on her to keep fighting for us in the White House. We're proud to endorse her!
Only 4 more days until #PussyGrabsBack! Make sure youre ready  http://nar.al/5kx
Were organizing to make sure pro-choice voters get out and vote for pro-choice champions up and down the ballot!
Get a cup of coffee, get harassed, pick up the dry cleaning, continue your day. While this reality didnt start with this election, the election certainly hasnt helped matters.
Men began dropping out of the study after experiencing side effects like acne and mood swings.
Patty Murray is a true champion for reproductive freedom! She will continue to work hard to protect and expand the right to choose. Were proud to endorse her.
I will defend Planned Parenthood, I will defend Roe v. Wade, and I will defend womens rights to make their own healthcare decisions. - Hillary Clinton
Daniel Kagan is a fierce advocate for reproductive freedom! Were proud to endorse him.
Kamala Harris is a true champion for reproductive freedom! She will work hard to protect and expand the right to choose, and we're proud to endorse her.
Senator Richard Blumenthal is a true champion for reproductive freedom! He will work hard to protect and expand the right to choose, and we're proud to endorse him.
Patrick Murphy is a true champion for reproductive freedom! He will work hard to protect and expand the right to choose and we're proud to endorse him.
Deborah Ross is a true champion for reproductive freedom! She will work hard to protect and expand the right to choose.
Maggie Hassan is a true champion for reproductive freedom! She will work hard to protect and expand the right to choose.
Tony Goldwyn, proud feminist and Man for Choice, has a message for his fellow dudes.
If a young girl like Asima were to escape ISIS custody pregnant, the United States would not chip in even the $1 cost of a drug like misoprostol, known for safe, effective pregnancy termination.
Another dose of the blatant, hateful misogyny we can expect if Donald Trump wins on November 8. Find your polling place  http://nar.al/5kp
Maggie Hassan trusts you to make your own reproductive health decisions. Kelly Ayotte doesnt.
This is our moment. After 227 years, first lady will forever mean something different.
Hillary Clinton and pro-choice leaders trust women to chart their own destinies. Donald Trumpand the Republican partydont.
There are two worldviews on the ballot in this election: One in which women have full autonomy over their own bodies, and one in which they DONT.
Studies repeatedly show that for women being successful comes at the expense of being liked.
Donald Trump has spent this entire campaign spewing hateful and dangerous rhetoric. This election is a choiceand these Republicans have made theirs.
Throughout your life youre going to face defeat. Watching Hillary Clinton graciously overcome that was empowering.
Hillary Clinton holds a 20 point advantage among womenand for good reason.
Boys will be boys implies that boys and men cant change their bad behavioror themselves.
Make sure this scary story doesnt become reality. Find your polling place and VOTE  http://nar.al/5k8
If elected, theyll work to ban abortion and make birth control harder to access. Now THATS scary.
Insulting powerful women is about cutting them down to size and playing into the discomfort people have with women in positions of power.
We  these feminist costume ideas!
She gets messages from pro-life women, many of them religious, who tell her that her case opened their eyes to the need for late-term abortions. She even gets messages from men who thank her for opening their eyes.
Women dont need men like Donald Trumps approval to succeed, or to exist.
In 2013, Rosalyn Jonas sat with Rep. Tim Ryan and told him her abortion story. In 2015, he wrote an op-ed about how he has evolved to become more supportive of reproductive rights.
Millions of voters trust Hillary Clinton. Read six of their stories  http://nar.al/5k0
Taylor Swift plans to donate any financial reward from the lawsuit to charities dedicated to protecting women from sexual assault.
We trust Hillary Clinton because she has spent her entire life working to make things better for women and families.
The New York Times agrees - Maggie Hassan is the right choice for New Hampshire!
NARAL Pro-Choice America president Ilyse Hogue is on stage LIVE with Cecile Richards, Stephanie Schriock and Hillary Clinton! Tune in:
State legislatures have lead the bulk of attacks against reproductive rights since 2010thats why were organizing to try and vote them out of office.
Lets continue to talk about it. Lets talk about it often. And lets do it by making the people who have had abortions the centerpiece of our national dialogue.
Hillary Clinton trusts women. Thats why we trust her. Join the #ITrustHillary Thunderclap  http://nar.al/5js
Incredibly exciting! Congratulations to NARAL Pro-Choice Virginia, who has worked tirelessly to repeal these laws since their passage in 2013.
One of their tactics? Posting ads about Bill Clintons sexual misconduct (and ignoring Trumps own accusations).
"If you ask Donald Trump to draw a fallopian tube, I cannot imagine what you would get back, other than a childs drawing of a cobra." - John Oliver
Hillary Clinton trusts us. We trust her.
Women do not just decide to have an abortion on a whim. They weigh their options, think it through, and make the decision that is best for them and their lives.
PARTIAL-BIRTH ABORTIONS ARENT A THING. - Full Frontal with Samantha Bee
 This segment from Full Frontal with Samantha Bee is PERFECT.
This Jane The Virgin episode is the first time a Latina has talked about having an abortion on primetime network TV.
Happy birthday, Hillary Clinton! Next stop: The White House.
This experience wasnt violent, but it was violating, and it counts.
FYI: Ripping baby from womb in the 9th month is called C-section. #VaginaEducation - Shonda Rhimes
Read more about why voters like Nikita are saying #ITrustHillary  http://nar.al/5jf
We live in a world where reproductive rights are more important than ever not only to women, but to entire family entities and the entire economy thats sustained by them. - Patrick Murphy
Before you judge abortion later in pregnancyor the women who have oneread this.

The decision was the most difficult and profound experience in this womans lifeand a conservative news outlet decided to shame her for it.
We trust Hillary Clinton because she trusts us to make the best health care decisions for ourselves and our families.
The speech was supposed to be about his first 100 days in office. Instead, he threatened to sue the women whove come forward to accuse him of sexual assault.
Powerful men can smear you or fire you. Of course no one came forward before.
Ani Difrancos new song shows exactly why we need to TRUST WOMEN.
For a man who has claimed that he would punish women for having an abortion, then in the same campaign cycle proclaims, No one respects women more than I do, it would benefit Trump to actually have even the smallest inkling of what it means to be a woman.
Rape culture is Donald Trumps normal. He wants it to be everyone elses normal too.
Hillary Clintons candidacy is completely changing the way we talk and think about reproductive freedom and gender equality.
Hillary Clintons candidacy is completely changing the way we talk and think about reproductive freedom and gender equality.
We already knew that Trump was heartless, but making women caught in such a horror out to be cavalier, aborting their babies just days before birth? It is the cruelest thing hes ever done.
#NastyWomen everywhere have a message for Donald Trump: WE VOTE. Get your FREE sticker here  http://nar.al/5j1
In 2012, an anti-choice protester hit Alison Dreith on the head with a sign displaying a giant fetus.
I am crying because we deserve so, so, so much more than a sexist, racist, misogynistic, xenophobic, homophobic, transphobic, anti-choice, ignorant moron as a president. 

These young women are wise beyond their years.
No. We don't.
If youre citing a law that denied citizenship to black Americans to defend a law, its time to rethink your argument.
Imagine having to decide whether to have an abortion. Now imagine Trump making that choice for you.
Get your FREE #NastyWomen sticker here --> http://actnow.prochoiceamerica.org/signup/161020_nastywomen/?source=coverphoto
"The thread that runs through our work... is this demand of women, that we are here and we are to be respected and we are to be taken seriously, and that anyone who doesn't do that cannot expect to call himself a leader in this country. - Ilyse Hogue
Nasty Women are listening, Donald Trump - and they vote. Get your FREE Nasty Women sticker below!
She sounded like the first woman running for president, defending other women  our autonomy and our control of our own bodies.
Thats not how this works. Thats not how any of this works.
A message to Donald Trump from all the nasty women out there: We vote. 

Get your FREE #NastyWomen sticker --> http://nar.al/5ir
Hillary Clintons answer on abortion in last nights debate knocked it out of the PARK. 
Victory! At Wednesday's debate, Chris Wallace asked a question about abortion access and reproductive freedom. Our statement: http://bit.ly/2eHQi5R
Donald Trump, women are going the be the reason you're not elected president.
We're with her. She's with us. 
Donald Trump: HOW AM I DOWN IN THE POLLS? EVERYONE LOVES ME! 
American people: Actually, uh.
"What happened to me was not just 'locker room talk.'"
68% of all abortion-related questions at past debates repeated the same three themes: They were overly abstract, stigmatized the issue or ignored the escalating assault on reproductive health care access.
Melania Trump dismissed the victims of her husbands sexual assaultand claimed that Donald Trump was the real victim.
Abortion access isnt just a womens issue. It impacts every aspect of our lives.
This is nothing less than an existential threat to the Supreme Court itself.
Looking into the eyes of our patients and just seeing that there is a whole universe behind their eyes, a whole other world, we need to be here, you know, she says, tearing up again. We need to be here.
Join Katie McGinty and NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue THIS SATURDAY in Bryn Mawr! RSVP here --> http://nar.al/5ik
 #PussyGrabsBack
Women turn to the police to report sexual assault. To keep ALL Americans safe, the Fraternal Order of Police must rescind their endorsement of Donald Trump. Sign the petition  http://nar.al/5ih
Wed rather have a grown-up as commander-in-chief.
These questions only further stigmatize abortion.
Tell your Senator to take a stand against government-sanctioned discrimination  http://nar.al/5ic
Gender stereotypes hurt us all.
Wednesday is the FINAL Presidential debate, but so far there have been ZERO questions on abortion or reproductive rights. Tell Fox News debate moderator Chris Wallace to #AskAboutAbortion!
LAST CHANCE! Get your Keep Your Laws Off My [cat emoji] t-shirt TODAY to ensure delivery by Election Day, so you can wear your shirt to the pollsand tell Donald Trump that on November 8, #PussyGrabsBack.
We needed a study to confirm that?!
Take note, anti-choice politicians.
[Women] told stories about having their pussies grabbed by acquaintances and strangers, on buses, at school, and at work. And still, men argued over whether or not Trump had described sexual assault, whether or not there were real issues to talk about.
2013: Hillary Clinton finishes her tenure as Secretary of State. Donald Trump tweets that sexual assault in the military is inevitable.
Planned Parenthood turns 100 years old today! They've been providing compassionate, comprehensive care for a century. #100YearsStrong
These girls were singing carols with their youth choir when they were catcalled by Donald Trump.
Fighting for womens rights today means sweating the small stuff, without a cheering crowd, for months on end.
We are equal, we are powerful, we are brilliant, we are beautiful, and we will no longer accept one more man degrading us, grabbing us, raping us, intimidating and harassing us at work, at home, in school.
This November, #PussyGrabsBack. Get your "Keep Your Laws Off My " t-shirt or sticker below!
Our new anthem from now until election day.
Sounds like Rush Limbaugh needs a refresher on what rape is. Also on what the police do.
Beyonce: Had consensual sex and ate cheddar biscuits. 
Donald Trump: Sexually assaulted women and bragged about it.
Theres no job women can take that would keep them safe from sexual harassment.
Happy 100th birthday to Planned Parenthood! Thank you for providing comprehensive, compassionate reproductive health care to all. 
Donald Trump isnt *just* trying to attack these women. Hes threatening any other women who may come forward in the future.
We believe that anyone who votes for her will be able to look back, four years from now, with pride in that decision.
Bad news for Donald Trump and his supporters: Women can vote. And we will.
This is not "locker room talk." This is not normal behavior. Its predatory.
Trust survivors. TRUST.  WOMEN. 
It's been a tough couple of days. Michelle Obama is here to lift our spirits and make clear what's on the line on November 8. Watch:
Trumps comments about grabbing and kissing women were more than "just words."
Every year, Congress passes a bill to fund the Department of Defensebut this year, Republicans in the House are trying to include new language that would allow contractors of any government agency to discriminate against LGBT people, single mothers, and anyone who has had an abortion or used birth control. Tell your Senator you stand against discrimination!
The view of women as yours to control via political power, star power, or simply patriarchal power, is what Republicans  not just Trump, but lots of Republicans  have been doing for years as they work to reduce reproductive-rights access and reinstall women in early marriage and traditional hetero homes where their competitive, independent, threatening power might be better contained.
This question is tied to larger issues around control over our own bodies, lives, and futures. Will moderators #AskAboutAbortion at the final Presidential debate?
I share this exchange not to put my father in a bad light, but rather to tell a story about how many Americans interpret Trumps misogyny. My father is a well-educated, loving man who would do anything for his family, except maybe look beyond what is staring us in the face as a nation: that women dont matter as much as men.
As an athlete, Ive been in locker rooms my entire adult life and uh, thats not locker room talk.
Grab back. Register to vote: http://www.iwillvote.com/NARAL
Contrary to what Sen. Burr and Donald Trump seem to think, sexual assault is a serious crime regardless of who commits it.
Strong girls make strong women.  Happy International Day of the Girl!
Uh, it is. It most definitely IS.
In line for ice cream at Disneyland. On the bus. At a restaurant. At work. At home.
Donald Trump has been accused of rape & sexual assault by multiple women. Hes implied that if women serve in the military, they should expect to be raped. 

Hes no champion for survivors of sexual assault.
Do we want a country where women are seen as equals and full, autonomous human beings or one where theyre seen as objects Donald Trump (or any man) can sexually assault at any time?
The truth is that [Republicans] have failed women for generations, and you deserve to lose our votes. Next month we will grab you where it hurts. By your ballots.
Is this Donald Trump's idea of "respecting" women?
It isn't "just words" to any woman who has had an abortion, survived sexual assault, or wanted to be seen as equal, Donald Trump.
"[Donald] Trump is a brash and ugly manifestation of what have become foundational principles for the Republican Party."
"Abortion access is not a niche issue: It is essential to every womans ability to create the future she wants for herself and her family. "
Donald Trump: Racist xenophobe, misogynist, accused rapist and...presidential candidate.
The decision about whether to [have children] or not wont truly feel like a choice until theres no longer a taboo against women who dont want to be moms.
We cant be secure, prosperous, or headed in the right direction if people dont have autonomy over their own bodies.
No, Donald. It's not okay.
The real "monster"? Any person who would say this about their pregnant wife.
You dont have to do ANYTHING that doesnt feel right to you.
Abortion access is inextricably linked to our health and economic security. Vote to tell Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz to #AskAboutAbortion during Sundays debate  http://nar.al/5hb
Rape culture in the GOP doesn't stop with Donald Trump.
At a time when violence against abortion clinics and doctors is at an all-time high, and convicted rapists are walking free after just three months behind bars, youd think these topics would be salient during a presidential debate.
Together, we can stop Trump.

Register to vote: https://www.iwillvote.com/NARAL/
Dresses with pockets are more than a genius inventiontheyre a political statement.
Medical abortion is revolutionarybut in many countries, including the United States, it can be difficult to access.
Donald Trump doesn't think he needs consent. He's famous.
[Hillary Clinton] has shaped the way I think about my future, because so many of the qualities she has now are ones that I want to have when I get older.
NARAL Pro-Choice America president Ilyse Hogue is at CREDO Mobile HQ talking about the future of reproductive rights! Watch LIVE:
Abortion access impacts our ability to make decisions about our lives, bodies, and futures. Tell Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz to #AskAboutAbortion  http://nar.al/5h1
"We're now saying that women can put their bodies on the line alongside men, and accept equal risks of physical harm, and yet, they don't have the same equal rights over their bodies that their civilian counterparts do."
All told, over the past four years these seven states have diverted more than $30 million of federal money meant for welfare to anti-abortion programs that fund crisis pregnancy centers.
We are NOT entertained.
On Monday, women across Poland took to the streets dressed in black to protest the proposal.
Medical abortion could be the key to expanding abortion access in rural areasbut anti-choice politicians are playing political games.
A candidates position on abortion speaks to their position on gender equality: To whether they think all people, regardless of gender, should be able to plan their families and determine their futures for themselves. Tell Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz to #AskAboutAbortion on Sunday!
There are currently more than 400,000 children in the foster care system  If a family is looking to adopt a child, they need not look very far and they certainly don't have to try and force a woman to experience a pregnancy she doesn't want.
THIS.
Hillary Clinton & Tim Kaine trust women. Donald Trump & Mike Pence want to punish them.
Donald Trump said he wants to punish women who have an abortion. Mike Pence has spent his career doing exactly that.
Mike Pence and Donald Trump are two peas in a dangerous pod.
Women in Poland refuse to stand idly by while the government debates a proposal for a total abortion ban.
We're proud to endorse pro-choice champions Barbara Lee, Judy Chu, Rosa DeLauro, Congresswoman Alma S. Adams, Congresswoman Nita Lowey, & Louise Slaughter for Congress!
During one season, Trump called for female contestants to wear shorter dresses that also showed more cleavage.
Its not as simple as bad girls get abortions and good girls have families. We are the same women at different times in our lives
Abortions are incredibly common, yet remain deeply stigmatizedbut portraying abortion accurately on TV could change that.
Whats underlying anti-choice propaganda? The idea that women dont know what is best for them and their families.
Never stop fighting. 
Lizz Winstead and Lady Parts Justice are breaking down the stereotype that feminists arent funny, one video at a time.
Sexism is sneaky, and it is everywherefrom the presidential debate stage to the last meeting you attended.
No, this isnt all a dream. This is very, very real.
#2: Reproductive rights are under attack.
A Donald Trump win would mean a wave of even more anti-choice extremists taking office.
Heartbreaking, timely, and important. An absolute must-watch.
You have an opportunity to ask Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump a question in the next presidential debate. Vote here to tell moderators to #AskAboutAbortion  http://nar.al/5gc
We won't be punished. Make sure you're registered to vote  http://nar.al/5gm
In the nearly 40 years since Hyde was first passed, how many woman have been pushed into back alleys because of it? How many women were pushed further into poverty? - Barbara Lee
Lifting the Hyde Amendment ... would entrench full reproductive choice and autonomy as a fundamental right for allrather than a privilege only for those who can afford it.
We have bold visions for a future without the Hyde Amendment - a future where access to abortion isnt determined by the size of your bank account.
Donald Trumps morning routine: Wake up, brush teeth, take shower, drink coffee, slut shame women.
Abortion access is a human right. 

Sign the petition to end the discriminatory Hyde Amendment  http://nar.al/5g6
How many of these sexist, denigrating, horrible things did Donald Trump say? ALL OF THEM.
States want to withhold funding from clinics like Planned Parenthood because they provide women with a full range of reproductive health care optionsincluding abortion. President Obamas new rule could stop them. Submit a comment to HHS and stand up for the rights of women everywhere!
At the end of the day, rights you cant access arent rights at all, and options that are out of reach arent options at all.
Kelly Ayotte, Joe Heck, and Pat Toomey have a number of terrifying and reckless views in common with Donald Trump.
Be bold. End Hyde. Sign the petition  http://nar.al/5fy
Lester Holt didnt #AskAboutAbortion during Mondays debate, but now you have the chance to change that. Weve teamed up with the Open Debate Coalition to submit important questions about abortion access. The highest rated questions may be asked at the next debate. Vote below!
Great news out of California! Which U.S. state will be next to expand reproductive freedom?
Our own Ilyse Hogue and Marcela Howell are LIVE right now talking about why we need to #BeBoldEndHyde and why we're #United4Coverage!
Women are listening, Donald Trumpand we vote.
Donald Trump is the orange, shouting id of a movement that claims to support womens health and well-being but really wants them to stay home, shut up, and raise the children.
Today, on the Global Day of Action for Access to Safe & Legal Abortion, we stand strong and remain dedicated to removing ALL barriers to abortion access.
"ooh, you know who would make a good president?"
"who?"
"a grown man who just says 'WRONG!' when he disagrees with anything."
Donald Trump demanded that Alicia Machado lose weight, calling her an eating machine and inviting the media to watch her exercise.
Were with her. Shes with us.
Are you registered to vote yet? Get registered here  
http://nar.al/5fo

Debating while female. #ImWithHer
Will Lester Holt #AskAboutAbortion at tonights debate?
YES! 
Happy World Contraception Day! No matter what country you live in, you have the right to affordable and accessible birth control.
Abortion rights must be discussed at the presidential debates: they affect everyone, the economy, and womens ability to control their futures.
Safe and reliable abortion access is fundamental to our ability to determine our own destinies. Lester Holt: #AskAboutAbortion at tonights debate!
I want to know whether the next president will support me and my future, or deny me autonomy.
It's a feminist issue, it's a health issue, it's a religious issue. That's the intersection of who I am.
Taking down the patriarchy, one workplace at a time. 
In the United States, powerful women who make bids for education, status, and position have long been seen as sick.
The stakes for women in this years presidential election couldnt be higherin America and across the world.
You are not broken. You did nothing wrong.
Lets (not) make a baby.
No matter what your income is, you have a right to abortion access.
 My body my life, so I do what I want with it 
Hillary Clinton is the first major-party presidential nominee to make the Hyde Amendment a campaign issue.
Next time you hear one of these six myths about abortion, respond back with the facts.
Donald Trump is a misogynistic, sexist, racist xenophobeand he is not the President we want for our daughters.
Yep. Seriously.
Donald Trump is pushing the same anti-choice lies that have shamed and stigmatized women for decades.
We spent the day yesterday talking about #MenForChoice on Twitter yesterdayand we even trended nationally! Check out our favorite highlights  http://nar.al/5f9
If a woman has an unplanned, unexpected and unwanted pregnancy  and it happens every day to responsible women using birth control with partners that they know and love  she should be able to have a safe and legal abortion without having to ask strangers for help.
It appears that last week, Donald Trump suddenly discovered that more than half of voters are women. Thats the only way to account for the fact that he rolled out two ideas aimed at women  neither of which would solve the problems facing women and families.
Thank you, Andy Richter for standing up as one of the proud #MenForChoice and supporting reproductive freedom for all!
Tony Goldwyn understands that gender equality benefits us all. #MenForChoice
 Words of wisdom from Jamil Smith. #MenForChoice
Are YOU one of the #MenForChoice?
Being pro-choice cannot simply exist as a passive act or a declaration we make in solidarity with those of another gender.
The Hyde Amendment renders low-income women second-class citizens. And as second-class citizens, the privileges of Roe v. Wade are meaningless to them.
I believe that any woman, mother, and family could face this heartbreaking choice. And if they do, I want to ensure they still have a right to choose what is best for them and their baby, just like I did.

The past seven months have shown us where the anti-choice GOPs priorities really lie.
Your right to have an abortion should NOT depend on your paycheck.
1 in 3 women have an abortionand that includes your favorite movie stars.
I just hope there are more opportunities for transgender talent. I would very much like to be the last cisgender male playing a transgender female.  YES, Jeffrey Tambor!
Republicans are holding up funding to fight a public health crisis over abortion. In the meantime, thousands of pregnant women have contracted Zika.
Peter Thiel thinks America made a serious wrong turn when it began extending basic human rights to women and poor people.
In theaters this falla NIGHTMARE for women and families!

Zika is in the United States, and Republicans in Congress have been too busy playing political football with womens health to act.
Latinos dont fit into a census box, a stereotype or a mold. Latinos break the mold.
Republicans in Congress spent too long playing politics with womens health care  to combat Zika, and now its too little, too late.
The consensus is inAmericans want Republicans in Congress to stop playing political games with our health, lives and families.
EVERYONE deserves access to abortion.
Female staffers adopted a meeting strategy they called amplification: When a woman made a key point, other women would repeat it, giving credit to its author. This forced the men in the room to recognize the contribution  and denied them the chance to claim the idea as their own.
"Donald Trump would like to return us to a nation of forced births, with womens bodies as the vessels. But by all means, lets keep yukking it up over his funny orange hair."

Donald Trump wants to make you pay TWICE for your birth control.
Even when Congress does finally pass Zika funding, it will be too little, too late for the states hit hardest by anti-choice laws.
[The GOPs] crusade against the womens health clinics that provide contraceptives and, in some cases, abortion, has already drastically undermined many states readiness against Zika.
Are you listening, Congress?
Happy Hispanic Heritage Month!
Donald Trumps plan leaves out fathers, LGBT parents, adoptive parents and doesnt address any questions of transgender or nonbinary parents.
The Hyde Amendment makes it nearly impossible for low-income women, who are disproportionately women of color, to access abortion. Be part of the movement to end Hyde and sign the petition  http://nar.al/5ed
Its a cruel irony that the women most at risk of Zika are often the ones with the least access to reproductive health services.
A new poll shows that a vast majority of voters in battleground states support passing comprehensive funding for Zika that includes funding for family planning. Read more  http://nar.al/5eb
Troy Newman has suggested abortion providers should be executedand he just endorsed Donald Trump.
There are no qualms about where people stand on the access to legal abortion.
I knew that in sharing my story, I would be judged for the decision I made. But I wanted to let other women facing the same difficult decision know that they werent alone.
Millennial voters want a president who will combat climate change, protect and expand reproductive freedom, and make education more affordable. Donald Trump would do the opposite.
We cant wait for SNL to start again!
Things Donald Trump has said about women: 
- A person who is very flat-chested is hard to be a 10. 
- Putting a wife to work is a very dangerous thing. 
- There should be some form of punishment for women who have an abortion.
Mike Pence wants to send your reproductive rights to the ash heap of history.
Donald Trump started a "Women's Empowerment tour" this week. 

That's rich.
Why is this bill failing to pass? Because Congress is salty AF about abortion.
The endgame for Donald Trump and his squad of anti-choice politicians? Taking away access to reproductive health care. Learn more  http://nar.al/5dz
President Obama proposed a rule that says states cant withhold federal family planning money from any provider just because they provide abortion.
When will Republicans in Congress stop playing political games and start taking action?
Girls Life: Wake up pretty! Your dream hair! 
Boys Life: Explore your future. 
This is incredibly disappointing.
#7: She supports womens rights.
Do you have your tickets to our NYC #MenForChoice yet? Come celebrate feminism with food, cocktails, and some of our favorite men for choice!
Roger Ailes got paid $40 million in exchange for stepping down in the wake of a whole slew of sexual harassment allegations.
We've got some truly amazing leaders from the reproductive rights, health & justice movement here in Cleveland tonight for All Access 2016 - watch the Facebook live pre-show interviews here! #Access4All
All Access 2016 starts at 8 PM EST! Watch Sia, Leslie Jones, and Jessica Williams LIVE in Cleveland from the comfort of your own home here  https://allaccess2016.com
Natalia Lafourcade Oficial is ALL IN for abortion access!
Do better, Hollywood.
Today is a nationwide day of action in support of abortion access. Show your  for reproductive rights, freedom and justice - click below to change your profile picture!
Play like a girl. 
Ireland has had a constitutional ban on abortion for decades. That could be changing.
Were less than one week away from NYC #MenForChoice! Join us next Thursday, September 15th!
Here at Lambda Alpha Lambda we keep the toxic masculinity in check, bro.
Its expensive to wage a war on reproductive health & freedom.
Not only is the Republican grudge against Planned Parenthood precipitously out of line in light of a funding bill that American lives hinge on, but GOP obstruction is outrageously inane.
Hillary Clinton has been fighting for women and families her whole life. Donald Trump has  not.
Any law that disproportionately impacts people of color and low-income communities cannot stand.
A woman shouldnt be damned for making her own decisions. Thank you, Teyana Taylor, for speaking out in support of abortion access!
We have a culture that tells women that we dont own our own bodies  that needs to change.
This bill would throw doctors in prison and block access to birth control and emergency contraception.
Donald Trump  thinks rape is just what happens when men and women work together.
By sharing her story, Rivera is helping to chip away at that same stigma for me, for all of us, and I have one message for her: Thank you. We are getting something out of your story. Were getting a lot.
Your ability to access abortion shouldnt depend on your paycheck. Hillary Clinton agreesits time to end the Hyde Amendment.
THIS.
A comprehensive plan to fight Zika must include funding for family planning and birth control. The current Republican Zika bill has neither.
You know whats REALLY not a presidential look? Racism, sexism, misogyny, and xenophobia.
The Hyde Amendment makes it almost impossible for PeaceCorps and military members, veterans, and low-income women to access abortion. Thats unacceptable.
BREAKING: Senate Republicans just took yet another vote on a Zika bill that doesnt do anything to *actually* fight Zika.
Why isnt this getting the attention it deserves?
When I was 19, I got pregnant. I was terrified. I felt so alone. Watch Renee Bracey Shermans story:
Only 11% of stories used a medical professional as a source. Only 3% of those sources were OB-GYNs.
Congress is voting tonight on a Zika response bill, and we're here talking about why the GOP response is unacceptable. Ask us questions!
Abortion access an important issue for everyone. Join us to celebrate #MenForChoice  (and the women who love them!) September 15th in NYC!
Marco Rubio doesnt trust women infected with the Zika virus to make their own reproductive health decisionsand were making sure Floridians know about it.
Politicians make crappy doctorsand laws like these *DONT* keep women safe.
Happy Labor Day! Today and every day, we honor and celebrate working people across the country. Were so grateful to our friends in the Labor Movement for their ongoing hard work and incredible history of fighting for workers rightsincluding paid sick days, vacation, the minimum wage, and paid family leave.
Raise your hand if you support abortion access for all! 
In June, a historic Supreme Court ruling reaffirmed our right to access safe, legal abortion. Now, its time for Congress to do their part.
This Labor Day, NARAL Pro-Choice America president Ilyse Hogue and AFL-CIO Secretary-Treasurer Liz Shuler are calling out Donald Trumps anti-woman, anti-working families rhetoricand calling for an end to pregnancy discrimination.
Next time you see a woman wearing headphones, just dont talk to her. Its that simple.
A new website grades companies based on how well they treat women.
I have an obligation to [my daughter] to do everything I can to speak up and be vocal  that she should have the right to make choices about her health.
When youre pregnant or a new mom, texting is more than fun  its actually a lifeline.
Happy Birthday to our favorite  !
We dont always get an overnight victory, but we are nonetheless out there helping people ... encouraging people to open their minds to other ways of being in the world.
"This is a perfect example that shows what can happen when legislation is not based in evidence, when scientific data isnt used to inform health care policy.
Three-quarters of Americans say Congress should take comprehensive action to fight Zikaand that includes access to birth control and family planning.
Incredibly powerful.
Thanks, birth control!
Everyone deserves to feel safewhether theyre on land or in the skies.
Health care should be based on science and medical researchNOT an anti-choice agenda.
When Ruline was born, women couldnt vote. Now, shes voting for Hillary Clinton.
THIS is who Donald Trump surrounds himself with.
These laws dont protect pregnant women - they do the opposite.
Tell us again how anti-choice laws protect women?
EVERYONE deserves access to compassionate, inclusive reproductive health care. Join us  http://nar.al/5cr
99% of women use birth control at some point in their livesand they vote.
What happens when rape culture and white, male privilege collide.
Laws restricting medical abortion arent just covers for restricting abortion access - they can actually harm womens health.
Join us in New York City to celebrate #MenForChoice (and the women who love them!)
There are so many things wrong with this statement, we dont know where to begin.
The panel was about gender equality in the military.
Doctor and abortion provider Leah Torres is one of our all-time heroes.
There is no get-out-of-racism free card in this election. There is no papering over the sexism and racism that has infected this campaign. If you believe in equality, there is no voting for Trump.
All those who benefited from this decision should know it may not have happened were it not for Hillary Clinton."
Donald Trump and Mike Pence think your reproductive rights belong in the ash heap of history.
Its impossible to predict exactly how Zika transmission will play out in the United States, but we have some good cluesand theyre alarming.
All Access 2016 is hosting a series of incredible concerts in support of abortion access across the country! Find an event near you 
Stephen Bannon is a leader in the racist, sexist alt-right movementand now hes in charge of Donald Trumps campaign.
Priorities. 
At the end of the performance, Beyoncs dancers got in formationin the shape of the female gender symbol.
Are you planning to watch the VMAs tonight?
Donald Trump is one of the greatest threats to reproductive freedom in the United States - but these other issues also threaten our most basic rights.
Pumping accommodations at work are *still* not guaranteed under law for all women.
EQUAL  PAY  FOR  EQUAL  WORK.
LAST CHANCE! Entries close at midnight tonight to win tickets to see Leslie Jones, Sia, and Jessica Williams LIVE on September 10!
How do we fight Zika? Access to affordable condoms, birth control, and comprehensive sex education.
These letters will fill your heart with joy.
Only 36 hours left! Enter here to win tickets  http://nar.al/contest
Two days left! Enter below to win two free tickets to see Sia, Leslie Jones, and Jessica Williams! 
Tell em, boy, bye.
The government has no place policing womens bodiesfrom their bathing suits to their reproductive health.
Abortion is banned in Ireland - which forces thousands of women to leave the country to get the procedure every year.
Step 1:  + 
Step 2: Donate to the Abortion Fund of your choice. 
Step 3: Upload a  to social media with the hashtag #ToBC16!
Hi everyone! NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue is here until 2:45 PM EST to answer your questions live.
Happy Womens Equality Day! Our ability to control our own bodies, futures and destinies is integral to achieving gender equality.
Todays the day! Dont miss NARAL Pro-Choice America president Ilyse Hogues Facebook live event at 2 PM EST.
Zika can cause complications after the 30-week mark in pregnancymeaning that women infected with Zika in only 7 states and D.C. would be able to access abortion if they decided to have one.
He told investigators that when one of the women didnt protest, he had assumed it was O.K.
In the past 2 years alone, Congressional Republicans have launched over ONE HUNDRED direct legislative attacks on womens health & reproductive rights.
Marsha Blackburn is an anti-choice extremistand were going to make sure the great people of Tennessee know about it.

A federal court officially blocked an Arizona law that wouldve forced doctors to lie to their patients about abortion.
Nows your chance -- enter below to see Sia, Leslie Jones, and Jessica Williams LIVE at All Access 2016!
Only 2 more days until Ilyse Hogue answers your questions LIVE right here on Facebook! What kinds of questions do you have for Ilyse?
We stand with Leslie.
Want to see Sia, Leslie Jones, and Jessica Williams LIVE in Concert and spend the weekend in Cleveland? Enter to win  http://nar.al/contest
Sakshi Malik became the first woman in Indias history to win an Olympic gold medal.
Were giving away two tickets for you and a friend to see Sia, Leslie Jones, and Jessica Williams LIVE in Cleveland on September 10!
3 days left! What questions do you have for Ilyse Hogue? Tell us and your question could be the FIRST question we ask!
I began to talk about my abortion with friends, and discovered more and more women who had stories to share, too. Those who didnt were still open and supportive when hearing mine.
I want you to know that I see you. 

I see you making the drive to a clinic 200 miles away. 

I see you dropping your daughter off at daycare so you can make it to class on time. 

I see you making the case to your boss for a long-overdue raise, even though you may worry about speaking up for what you deserve. 

I see the difference youre making in the world, in your own lives, and in the lives of the people you love. 

And if I have the opportunity, Ill do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you. 

Just because you can and do wage these fights doesnt mean you should have to."
Some women are considering temporarily moving away from their homes, leaving their families, friends and doctors in order to stay away from Zika virus zones.

Will anti-choice politicians FINALLY realize that their doomed efforts to restrict abortion access arent worth the cost or the effort?
We absolutely cannot make any strides in the fight against Zika without funding for family planning services. Period.
Which feminist moment wins the gold medal in your heart?
What kinds of questions do you have for Ilyse Hogue? Tell us below and she might answer one of them FIRST during her Facebook live event on Friday!
We cant think of a more perfect way to close out the Olympics. 

Thanks Young Democrats of America for the great graphic!
You can help your friend talk to an expert - just steer clear of crisis pregnancy centers, which give out false and misleading information to pressure people out of getting an abortion.
Women and children all around the world can grow up to be anything that they want to be, even president of the United States.

You know its coming. As hyperpartisanship, grievance politics, and garden-variety rage shift from Americas first black commander-in-chief onto its first female one, so too will the focus of political bigotry.
Telemedicine has given better access and choice to patientsbut 19 states have outright banned telemedicine abortions.
What a RELIEF, right ladies?!
Were proud to be one of the many incredible groups working together for reproductive freedom, health, rights, and justice for all. Visit All Access 2016 for more info!
Only ONE WEEK until NARAL Pro-Choice America President Ilyse Hogue answers your questions LIVE right here on Facebook! What questions do you have for her? Tell us below!
Doctors go to school for YEARS to learn about the human body and female reproductive systembut anti-choice state legislatures think they know better.
Who says superheroes arent real?
Junes Supreme Court decision was a huge deal - but the fight isnt over yet.


Roger Ailes had to step down from FOX News because of 20+ women coming forward with stories of sexual assault and harassment. Now hes advising Donald Trump.
Mark your calendars: Our own Ilyse Hogue will be answering questions LIVE on Facebook next Friday, August 26!
Thank you, Gabby Douglas, for being an inspiration to us all. #LOVE4GABBYUSA
Reproductive justice is a framework that is based on human rights. [Those rights] are not derived from the state, but they should be protected by the state.
Fu Yuanhui broke the silence surrounding the menstrual cycles of female athletes, and it. Was. AWESOME.
"You're the first person ever to win two Olympic tennis gold medals," the reporter said. "That's an extraordinary feat, isn't it?"

"I think Venus and Serena [Williams] have won about four each," Andy Murray replied.
This victim seems like a conniving little whore. (pardon my language).; the BPD officer replied, Lmao! I feel the same.
445 anti-choice provisions have been introduced so far this year alone.
What is really hard for me is when [the protestors] tell me Im not taking care of my patients, or that Im injuring them in some way. Or that Im doing this work for the money. Thats so untrue, and so far from why any of us work in abortion care.
A woman breaking world records and winning gold medals deserves much more than a subheader.
Huge victory in Ohio!
The t-shirt was pulled from Walmart in 1995 because it offended family values.
Around 80 percent of low-wage workers have no access to sick pay. If you dont have time off to barf, you dont have time off to go march.
Seeing a group of funny moms have dude-comedy-style fun in a competition-free atmosphere is a much-needed corrective to the frazzled, uptight moms that we usually see onscreen.
"Why feel shame for no good reason? That's setting us up to have unrealistic, impossible standards for ourselves and others."
Today, 8 in 10 women find out theyre pregnant with a home pregnancy test.
Who wants to have a Hillary Clinton coloring party this weekend? 
Girls toys cost more 55% of the time, and their clothes cost more 26% of the time.
The future is female. 
Until the national conversation changes in a drastic and long-lasting way, the best we can do is be supportive of all women, whatever they choose."
Katie Ledecky doesnt swim like a man. She swims like Katie Ledecky.
SO. GOOD.
"Women's personal health decisions should be made by a woman in consultation with her family, her faith, and her doctor - not by politicians."
All Access 2016 is a powerful cultural event that unites people of all ages, racial, and gender identities to expand abortion access. Visit their page to learn more!
WOW. Watching 40 years of sexist microaggressions all at once is overwhelming.
Nobody should need a bulletproof vest, a wig, and a pistol just to get to work safely in the morning.
The kind of language Donald Trump used is similar to the language that inspired the terrorist who attacked a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado last year.
Zika can cause a range of devastating birth defects, including microcephaly.
NEWS REPORT: [Female Athlete] did [sports] today. [Describe sports.] THE END. Sportswriting accomplished!
To every adoptive mother or father out there, you ARE a parent. You are validated. You are real. Your love and devotion and time and sweat and unconditional love make you a parent.
Trump believes that menand only menare capable of excelling in senior leadership roles.
It hasnt all been smooth sailing for the trailblazers. Change has never been easy.
Clearly this man has never met an *actual* feminist.
Ivanka Trump *says* she supports paid family leavebut the company that designs her clothing line doesnt provide even a single day of paid parental leave.
Seven in 10 Americans are pro-choiceand we vote.

Join us and All Access 2016 for FREE concert tickets to see Sia, Leslie Jones, Jessica Williams and more!
The Olympics only began on Friday, but the sexism towards female athletes in the media coverage is already in full-swing.
Todd Akinwho thinks that if its legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut the whole thing downcalled Donald Trumps rhetoric a breath of fresh air.
Donald Trump would allow pregnancy discrimination, repeal Obamacare, and is against paid family leave. THIS is what happens when you listen to 6 Steves and ZERO women.
Only one of them was in the pool breaking the world record, and it wasnt Hosszus husband.
Sounds like Donald Trump could use a few binders full of women.
Marco Rubio doesnt trust women to make their own reproductive health decisions.
The photo series is called We Are America, and it is awesome.
Planned Parenthood received $2 million in donations to help provide IUDs to low-income women who want one.
Why is it that her former career and her looks are being used to attack her husband, when his politics, his blatant racism, and his dangerous, fear-mongering rhetoric should really be all the material one needs to call him out?"
We have to stop perpetuating the racist myth that only a white man can save the world. Our heroes dont look like Matt Damon. They look like Malala, Gandhi, Mandela.
Its a new era in the world.
When Dublin City Council painted over a pro-choice mural, activists across the country took action.
This week, Donald Trump has: 
 Tried to use feminism to attack Gold Star mother Ghazala Khan
 Told victims of sexual harassment in the workplace to simply find a new career 
 Publicly mocked a woman holding a crying baby and kicked her out of his rally
No woman should have to publish an opinion piece in the Washington Post just to prove her strength and autonomy to a man who thinks the nation would be greater without her.
These black women have been breaking records - and barriers.
My faith teaches me to withhold judgement and to extend acceptance to all."
THIS is what a feminist looks like.
Thats what twenty-first century feminism is about: the idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free. - Barack Obama
His response? Its joking. Its jokes. Why cant yall take jokes? 
SERIOUSLY?
YES! Read the entire piece here: http://nar.al/59h
I didn't aspire to get in front of a national audience and tell intimate details about my life.  But if we don't bring a common experience for women from the margin to the mainstream, we'll never have politics and policies that reflect what we need." - Ilyse Hogue
Some were worried that women would jump off bridges if they had access to a pregnancy test.
Gender equality helps EVERYONE.
WOW.
Women do not have to stand alone, or in silence, as they make a very hard, oftentimes emotional, decision because society sees fit to shame them if they are open about it.
Congratulations Jason Kander on your win tonight in the Missouri primary!
