Many Americans were unable to exercise their right to vote because of voter suppression laws. Those peoples voices were not heard on November 8. They could not exercise their power in choosing their own governmenta tragedy for American democracy.
We honor those who have served our nation - thank you.
"Progressives must continue to fight for positive change that they know will make this country better while recognizing peoples real concerns. Our work will have an increased degree of difficulty, but it comes with an even higher degree of importance." - Neera Tanden
If you are in line when polls close, STAY IN LINE. You will still be able to cast your ballot!
#WeNeedNine
Are polls open where you are? Make sure to go cast your ballot!
Here's what you need to know before polls open tomorrow - share with your friends and family!
A few questions to ask before you cast your ballot.
Tomorrow's election day - and Americans can't afford to take a seat.
Americans need to understand how paid sick days and paid family and medical leave are different, and how they work together to support working families.
"It often feels like school districts simply assume that one parent is always on call to attend to their child whenever school closes, is delayed or even during a non-emergency like my daughter's headache."
72% of Americans support non-discrimination protections for LGBTQ people.
"Sometimes the message that gets sent in the media is that they're takers, they're taking too much of services, they're not paying taxes and not always working, but in fact the opposite is true."
To improve the regulatory process, we need to empower public advocates.
Making it easier to switch banks would be a win for consumers.
Schedules that better reflect the needs of modern families would produce fewer headaches.
The issue is not one of political correctness but about promoting human dignity to those who have been denied it for all too long in this country."
Carbon pricing is a step in the right direction but not if the prices remain below the actual cost of pollution.
"The Kurds we met were unanimous that the U.S. still has an irreplaceable role in brokering alliances."
The Obama Administration announces advancements in electrical car charging infrastructure.
Today, the Paris Agreement goes into effect - here's what you need to know.
Voter suppression has historically targeted poor African American communities, but these  laws also block transgender people from exercising their constitutional rights.
U.S. employers added 161k jobs in October, and the unemployment rate ticked down to 4.9%. It's the 73rd consecutive month of job growth.
Millennials have lower incomes and higher poverty rates compared to previous generations at the same age.
When LGBT people give or receive care, unexpected issues can arise - nondiscrimination protections mitigate those.
Tomorrow, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics will release the employment report for the month of October. Although the unemployment rate is at prerecession levels, other labor market health indicators have yet to fully recover.
Theres room for improvement in the U.S. regulatory system - it starts with increasing the voice of the people.
Three-time Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winning choreographer, director, and writer Debbie Allen uses the lens of the arts to help audiences examine the complex issues of gun violence, poverty, race relations, and criminal justice.
If you take away a wetland here, you have to restore a wetland there so we do not have any loss of wetlands.
"Its almost like Hobby Lobby on steroids."
The next Administration needs to negotiate a diplomatic and military presence strong enough to minimize the chances of a return by ISIS at precisely the moment when many Iraqis and Americans will likely feel that Washingtons job is done.
"Whats the purpose of living if Im dying to just to stay alive every day?"
"But what happens when, despite all of the best intentions and preparation, the very real constraints in American societyranging from policies that are not fully responsive to womens needs to persisting racial and gender biasesprevent the women in my family from reaching their potential?" - Angela Kelley
John was fired for being LGBT. #RejectRussell because it would support this type of discrimination - with your tax dollars.
Today, November 1st, is Latina Equal Pay Day.
In order to ensure the safety of LGBT immigrants, it is critical that ICE headquarters meaningfully curtails or eliminates the discretion that its officers have over custody decisions for LGBT people.
20 million Americans now have health coverage thanks to the ACA, and the uninsured rate has never been lower. And despite the bad headlines, open enrollment for 2017 starts tomorrow, November 1. Healthcare.gov is already live, and people across the country are already comparing their plan choices and preparing to enroll in coverage. It should be our goal to build on that progress, not abandon it.
One in five voters living in states that require a photo ID don't know they need one to vote.
Many conservatives want to support families, but they oppose policies that would make a real difference to the stability of the working-class.
An international agreement to phase down hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) might do more to combat global warming than the Paris climate agreement.
Rapid globalization and tech advances have brought prosperity and convenience to many corners of the globe, but have also made it easier for hostile actors to capture entire governments.
"This letter sends a message about how strongly and widely-held our belief is that this amendment would seriously jeopardize existing important workplace non-discrimination provisions.
Arizona is one of 14 states that will be using "undependable" voting machines - they are more than 15 years old.
Black women have always played a central role in leading policy and political movements, communities and families. They are also the nations most reliable voting bloc. But black women are underrepresented in elected office and the courts, and negative policies often disproportionately impact black women. It is time for policymakers to be responsive to the voices and needs of black women.
Following peer reviews, the U.S. and China are on their way to ending inefficient subsidy programs.
No taxpayer should be rejected from a government-funded job because theyre of the wrong religion.
One of the largest developments in international affairs since the end of the Cold War has been a movement of global accountability.
Accessing high-quality child care is out of reach for millions of families. An analysis of eight states finds that 42% of children under age five in this study live in a child care desert.
In many parts of this country, working families face a deep shortage of child care options."
To help guide student financial aid into the future, it is time to release the data that already exist.
High-quality center-based child care is hard to come by. 40% of Americans in these eight states live in a child care desert. Find out if youre one of them:
It's "one of the most significant threats to LGBT and women that Congress has put forth in years." Congress should reject the Russell Amendment.
School districts across the country are split on how to accommodate transgender students in the face of conflicting guidance from courts and the Obama administration - now, the Supreme Court will weigh in.
Women of color will soon make up the majority of Americas female population, yet they disproportionately lack positions of power.
Artists are central to social change.
If conservatives want to support strong, stable, and healthy families, they should support expanding Medicaid, and supporting reproductive rights.
Gender equality and hate are on the ballot this November.
U.S.-China bilateral collaboration, when it works, can produce great benefits.
Women of color face far too many obstacles to be leaders if they want to - that must change.
No American can afford to take a seat in this election - the next president will have the power to shut down hateful rhetoric and promote diversity in America.
Black women are the nations most reliable voting bloc. But black women are underrepresented in elected office and the courts, and negative policies often disproportionately impact them. It's time for policymakers to respond to the voices and needs of black women.
Citing CAP research, Sports Illustrated argues that the Cleveland Indians should get rid of their mascot.
While the cost of child care is a barrier to child care access to families, supply and location of child care centers is another central concern. Millions of Americans live in child care deserts, where finding high-quality child care can be impossible.
Our government should have no part in funding discrimination.
It is critical that all voting-eligible individuals can exercise their right to vote. Voter suppression prevents that.
From power tensions and terror networks to issues of human rights, the next President has their work cut out for them.
An amendment to the defense policy bill could open the floodgates to widespread employment discrimination.
Review of the U.S. fossil fuel subsidies show that a major impediment to reform can be a lack of public awareness of the policies and the benefits of reform.
Tax dollars going to workplace discrimination? Not on our watch. We're fighting back and telling Congress to #RejectRussell
States that hew to a conservative line on these four policiesa low minimum wage, anti-union legislation, restrictive Medicaid eligibility for low-income parents and other adults, and limited reproductive rightsfare substantially worse on four family stability indicators than states that take a progressive approach.
Millennials want their elected officials to address the rising costs of college, the staggering student debt crisis, and an economy that continues to leave many young Americans behind.
Twenty-first century impunity deserves 21st century solutions.
Wisconsins failure to provide access to the ballot has real, anti-democratic consequences.
Taxpayer-funded discrimination is wrong.
The demand for multigenerational housing is becoming more common - but is the housing market responding?
Every dollar invested in communities vulnerable to extreme weather results in a $4 economic benefit.
America should shift away from a crisis management paradigm toward one of renewed American leadership and diplomacy.
Voter ID laws can affect elections, preventing minorities & low wage workers from being heard.
A national paid leave program would help small businesses retain talent, competing with large companies.
It took 200 years for one person, one vote to become law - now much of the progress toward equal access is being undone.
The Russell Amendment poses a real danger to LGBT people and women.
Making higher education broadly accessible to young people is what drives the success of each state and our national economic growth. To make those goals a reality, we need to get college prices under control.
9% of Wisconsins registered voters do not have an acceptable form of ID required to actually vote.
Climate change needs to be considered in Miami's infrastructure plans, especially after hurricane Matthew.
In most states, child care costs more than tuition at an in-state university.
Religious freedom is a fundamental American value, but it cannot be used to justify discrimination with tax dollars.
"Its become pretty clear that in order to raise wages and reduce inequality, the number one thing that we could do would be to increase worker power within our economy."
Obama's not done yet - more criminal justice reforms are on the way.
In 2014, voters in 13 NC counties waited for more than an hour to vote - that could happen again.
All communities, especially low-income communities and communities of color, need to be ready to withstand climate-charged events.
Investing in child care would allow five million more women to enter the workforce.
In order for democracy to be as good as its promise, all Americans must remain vigilant in making equal ballot access a reality.
"This years Spirit Day is a reminder that schools arent the only place where we have to work to reduce bullying and harassment. We all can do better by our fellow citizens." - Zack Ford (https://thinkprogress.org/spirit-day-2016-eb13cf6d440d#.e16etvx68)
The National Defense Authorization Act would allow discrimination against people who dont adhere to an employers religious beliefs.
North Carolina has one of the highest teen pregnancy rates, yet abstinence is stressed over contraceptives.
Voter ID laws can affect elections and prevent minorities and low wage workers from being heard.
An amendment on the defense bill is "a thinly veiled attempt" to discriminate similar to North Carolina's H.B. 2.
From Flint to Dallas, crumbling infrastructure poses real dangers to Americans health and safety.
Four years later, the effects of DACA on the lives of unauthorized young people have been enormous.
Theres an obvious solution for these communities (and it isnt gentrification, which simply displaces generational residents). The solution lies in more targeted investmentsfor example, in jobs or education programsthat give people a chance to succeed.
Without the Voting Rights Act fully restored, voter suppression is possible.
"Individual success in America always heavily depends upon the qualities people bring to their endeavors. But many of those personal qualities are also immigrant qualitiesthe resourcefulness, the patience, the craving for work and opportunity, the resilience, the self-reliance"
This November, affordable child care is on the ballot - so WithinReach and PYPO assembled a group of comedians to explain why affordable, high quality child care is so important. Watch, and share with your friends!
Although the courts rejected North Carolinas restrictive anti-voter law, Tar Heels will still face considerable challenges at the polls in November. Here are some things to watch out for.
The very real costs of #HB2 in North Carolina.
Miami-Dade has a 48 percent chance of being struck by a storm every hurricane season, underscoring the need for leaders to act quickly to build resilience to climate change impacts.
We think of a judge as being impartial, so why are some judges still elected, a process which forces partisanship?
Convictions often spark an avalanche of economic consequences that last for years.
Americans are in danger of overlooking the individual cost of losing access to the ballot.
Congress's inaction to restore the Voting Right's Act has hampered the ability of federal election observers to do their jobs.
In 2012, Ohio, the "bellwether for America" threw out nearly 10,000 ballots when poll workers did not direct voters to the correct polling places.
When the rights of women, young people, and racial and religious minorities are called into question, nine qualified judges are needed to speak for them.
Questions about life, death & discrimination are too important to be decided by elected officials, so why are some judges still elected?
Over the last year, an American defaulted on a student loan obtained directly from the Federal government every 28 seconds - there's an easy fix.
"Many working parents are actually sort of screwed over because of the way school schedules are set up."
Its time for senators to do their jobs so that the Supreme Court justices can do theirs, too.
Here are 18 examples of the racism that is deeply embedded in our criminal legal system:
After being released from prison, some people are limited from getting a driver's license because of their debt burden.
The EPA did not fully consider the civil rights impacts in approving the movement and storage of coal ash."
Payday & auto title loans are banned in 14 states because they are dangerous to consumers - why don't more states ban them?
States can destroy rape kits if survivors wait "too long" to press charges. In Florida, survivors have just 30 days until the kits could be destroyed.
In a clear pattern across the country, the doors to Americas top public colleges remain firmly closed to the vast majority of black and Latino undergraduate students.
Making entrepreneurialism a career choice open to all will help families build wealth; create opportunities for jobs and mobility in disadvantaged communities; and support a robust, inclusive, and growing economy.
By closing at 3:00 p.m., shutting down intermittently and hosting important events in the middle of the day, schools make it really hard for parents to balance their commitments to their children and their jobs.
An Ivy League professor on why colleges dont hire more faculty of color: We dont want them
Despite the many factors that may contribute to rates of gun violence in a particular community, there is a robust and growing body of research that demonstrates an undeniable correlation between certain strong gun laws and lower rates of gun violence.
The high school to middle class pipeline is essential for widely accessible, enduring economic growth.
Days off from school create a perennial scramble for working parents - and many schools are closed significantly more days than parents have time off to accommodate.
We need to build a labor relations system that will serve us well in the 21st century and beyond - here's how we do that.
While there are big differences across states, high poverty districts spend 15% less per student than low-poverty districts.
The amount of Federal student aid someone can receive is based on their credit hours - a concept from the 1800's.
Millennials are the most educated & productive generation in history yet wages havent gone up.
Deepwater Horizon faded from memory - the film reminds us of the human & environmental cost of that tragedy.
7 steps to increase economic security for Virginian families
Principals don't just make sure the building is heated, they ensure educators have the support they need to help students.
The integrity of elections demands that every eligible American is able to cast a ballot and trust that it will be counted.
Federal coal is made available to coal companies at below-market rates - this works against the transition to clean, and affordable alternative energy sources.
The President is taking steps to further promote diversity and inclusion in the national security workforce - it started with repealing Don't Ask Don't Tell.
As federal judges are appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate, elections can have a major impact on criminal justice.
Here's what you need to know from this month's jobs report.
Women have less job mobility than men, but latinas and black women are particularly impacted.
Polls show huge support for taking action to keep guns away from abusers. Congress should act to end domestic violence.
Although unemployment is where it was before the recession - other indicators of recovery show room for improvement.
When we welcome immigrants into our nation and invest in them, our entire country benefits.
What does the path to 270 electoral votes look like 5 weeks away from Election Day?
If we are a country that values women, regardless of income, then it is time to repeal restrictions on abortion.
Education funding matters, especially to students from low-income families.
People of color can use their voices and their votes to push for more jurists who can truly diversify the courts, which will bring a wider lens of experience that helps expand Americans understanding of justice, democracy, and rights.
The federal coal leasing program on public lands is broken. Here's how we fix it.
"The GCF has an opportunity to become a center of thought and action in climate finance more broadly. The fund is well situated to be globally influential due to its exclusive focus on climate; its blend of members and donors from both developed and developing countries; and its ties with a diverse set of offices via its board members, who are typically from ministries of finance, the environment, or foreign affairs."
"When the rights of women, young people, and racial and religious minorities are called into question, we need nine qualified judges to speak for us."
Highly effective principals are the lynchpin to a schools success - so how do we develop and train these leaders?
We need the work-family narrative to be more inclusive of womens diverse experiences so policies can help all women and families
The poorest families are too poor to get a tax credit meant to help them.
14 states have new laws cutting voting rights and access in place for the first time in a presidential election.
Millions of college students have to take classes in college to learn things they didn't learn in high school.
In a state that doesnt require a permit to carry or require registration, is Wednesdays tragedy really such a surprise?
Following the July coup attempt, 90% of Turks now have an unfavorable view of the United States.
Dakota Fanning on the gender wage gap: "Its frustrating that you still have to talk about it."
Companies are increasingly choosing investments with short-term returns putting the long-term economic health of the nation at risk.
Bans on federal funding and coverage of abortion impact active duty and retired service members, Medicare recipients and Peace Corps volunteers.
The Hyde amendment disproportionately hurts those who are most vulnerable.
A 2016 report from the Bureau of Justice Statistics finds that LGB youth are more than ten times as likely to experience sexual assault by a peer when behind bars.
Americas gifted black students are missing out on opportunities to fully maximize their potential because they are being underidentified.
Repealing the Hyde Amendment would benefit nearly 29 million women and ensure that any woman seeking an abortion can do so affordably and safely.
"For many of these [extremist] groups, a core component of their ideology is a call to arms.
On Tuesday, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in West Virginia v. Environmental Protection Agency. While support is broad, opposition is narrow - from the companies most responsible for the pollution itself.
In 2008, British Columbia adopted the continents most ambitious carbon tax. So we packed our bags and hit the road to see how they did it and see what lessons we can learn.
State-issued identification empowers young people to take control of their lives and overcome homelessness, and states should adopt clear policies improving access to ID cards for LGBTQ youths experiencing homelessness.
$1.3 billion is spent every year on remedial classesadding up to an unnecessary burden on students and families.
The progress reflected in the latest Census data is in large part due to policies that directly target poverty and low income such as minimum wage rises.
FEMA has proposed a deductible for disaster assistance with an incentive to invest in climate-smart infrastructure.
"The federal government can help foster private enterprise by providing worker training, building world-class infrastructure, and supporting research and innovation. But government should also take a look at regulations that promote share buybacks, tax laws that discourage long-term investment and corporate reporting standards that fail to account for long-run growth. The future of the economy depends on it." - Vice President Joe Biden
Today is the first-ever White House Arctic Science Ministerial - here's what President Obama should do to avert catastrophic global climate change.
Where does Turkey stand after the July coup?
Research shows that some teachers have particularly low expectations for students of color, which in turn limits the identification of gifted black students.
Too often, gifted and talented programs are at risk of becoming a new site of racial segregation in schools. Here's how we fix that
The Clean Air Act is a powerful and flexible law that continues to respond effectively to challenges that its authors could not have envisioned.
The government must act to give patients what they deserve: a drug pricing framework that puts their needs above drug corporations bottom lines.
Wisconsin has a rich tradition of good government and robust civic participation, but the new voting laws and a growth in disturbing practices could jeopardize that legacy.
Trauma is a silent epidemic among children of color -- but instead of receiving clinical counseling or supports in schools, these students frequently face suspension, expulsion, and contact with law enforcement.
More police shootings are being recorded but the public isn't seeing the footage.
20% of trans women and 10% of trans men are incarcerated at least once during their life, compared to only 5% of all adults.
Global warming means more extreme weather and a lot more money spent on disaster relief.
Most parents and family caregivers are employed, yet the United States still does not have a robust set of policies to help individuals balance their work and family responsibilities.
Legislating discrimination has become an expensive policy for North Carolina, it's up to $395 million.
The tax code is nuanced - here are three steps to simplify it.
A year ago, John was fired simply for being married to the person he loves - and a year later, VA still doesnt have nondiscrimination protections.
72% of workers will spend at least part of their adult lives living with a disability. Unfortunately, the United States does not have a national system in place to help workers who are temporarily unable to work due to a disability.
Immigration has a positive impact on economic growth in the U.S. and has small-to-no effect on wages and employment for native-born workers.
The U.S. literally cannot afford to continue its lack of paid leave policies for working families: ampr.gs/2cZpuZj
Over 24,000 prisoners are on strike because they're only paid 12-40 cents per hour & have few workplace safety laws.
Officers have no clear guide or definition for using force - that needs to change.
"North Carolinas HB2 is completely unenforceable and gave a lot of non-government citizens the idea that they can police peoples gender identities. Its 2016, why cant we aim higher?"
American police are on pace to shoot and kill just as many people this year as they did in 2015.
Every year, working families in the United States lose out on at least $28.9 billion in lost wages because they lack access to affordable child care and paid family and medical leave.
The majority of homeless women are domestic violence survivors. How can we help them?
President Obama signed a presidential memorandum Wednesday establishing that climate-change impacts must be factored into the development of all national security-related doctrine, policies and plans.
Here are five policy recommendations to bridge the divide and build trust between communities of color and law enforcement.
The United States stands to suffer widespread economic losses under a policy that removes unauthorized immigrants.
Policymakers must fight for policies that benefit all Americans.
The Clean Power Plan will expedite the deployment of renewables and cut carbon emissions and other pollutants that harm human health.
Rural communities need access to credit for affordable housing.
By expanding the U.S. commitment to Syrian refugees, increasing protecting for asylum seekers from the Northern Triangle, and fully funding the refugee program, Congress and the administration can continue to provide a much-needed leadership example for the rest of the world to follow.
It's not just stars like Jennifer Lawrence who fall victim to the wage gap between men and women - and going to college doesn't close it.
Considering Missouri is home to some of the worst gun death rates for women, children, and people of color, Missouri's new no-permit gun law is scary news.
Home visiting programs help empower and strengthen families, which in turn strengthens the economy - but their funding is at risk.
In much of the country, a teachers salary is too low to support a middle-class life.
The gender pay gap begins almost right after college, and grows rapidly to boot. So much for education being an equalizer.
Human-centered problem-solving that address the actual needs of communities may seem intuitive, but is often not included in international development efforts.
Improved roads and transit dont just add construction jobs, they build a pathway for workers to reach new job opportunities.
An open letter from CAP staffer Sharita Gruberg to Gov. McCrory on #HB2 and the recent decisions from the NCAA and the ACC. 

"So, Governor McCrory, I have just one question for you: How much more are you willing to make the people of North Carolina sacrifice for your agenda of hate?"
The Arctic is warming twice as fast as the rest of the planet, setting off a cascade of dangerous changes.
Womens average earnings ten years after they enrolled in college are lower than mens average earnings six years after enrolling.
LGBTQ youth in juvenile justice facilities are at increased risk for mistreatment, abuse, sexual assault, and lack medical care compared to their non-LGBTQ peers.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has declared that the Equal Credit Opportunity Acts sex discrimination ban encompasses sexual orientation and gender identity -- which effectively prohibits creditors like banks, retailers, credit card companies, finance companies, and credit unions from engaging in anti-LGBTQ discrimination.
#HB2 is already impacting the state of North Carolina's economy
President Obama on Thursday created the Atlantic Oceans first United States marine monument, preserving an expanse of sea canyons and underwater mountains off the New England coast.
Since 1994, every black candidate for Alabama's 19 appellate judgeships has lost to a white candidate.
The largest federal client of private prison companies is the Department of Homeland Security  and its not just because theres a bed quota.
Nearly 10 years ago, Exxon Mobile agreed to stop funding climate change denial by scientists. But a 2015 investigation by The Guardian found that the company now uses members of Congress to deny climate change.
Today we celebrate. Tomorrow we get back to work.
Last week, we published this report on big business and state supreme courts.

Today, leaked documents shed more light on possible coordination between big business groups and judges hearing their case: http://bit.ly/2cHM3pV
A college degree may be called the great equalizer, but when it comes to the gender wage gap, it still has a ways to go.
Meet the refugees of Central American and hear their stories. Over 150,000 children have come to the US since 2014 from the region.
Next year, there will be a new opportunity for policymakers to fight for policies that benefit all Americans, not just those at the top. To continue rebuilding the middle class, it is critical that they do.
The poverty rate fell by 1.2 percentage points, the steepest decline since 1968. There were 43.1 million Americans in poverty on the year, 3.5 million fewer than in 2014.

The share of Americans who lack health insurance continued a years-long decline, falling 1.3 percentage points, to 9.1 percent.
U.S. household income grew 5.2% in 2015 - and other key U.S. Census Bureau numbers you need to know.
Here are four key trends TalkPoverty.org will be examining closely.
Are you a woman and a college graduate? There's a good chance that the guys you know from college make more than you.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury used tax returns to research gay marriage in America. This is what they found.
The nations leaders must garner the experience, expertise, and vast resources of the United States to lead a multilateral effort to strengthen the legitimacy of fragile states. 

Not only will this provide the best chance for the United States to prevent and manage transnational threats to the nation, but it will also improve the quality of life for the people of these countriesthe most sustainable long-term path to upholding global security.
The nation is becoming more diverse says The Brookings Institution Senior Fellow William Frey  you can tell by our children.
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/progressive-movement/news/2016/09/07/143405/a-blending-american-youth/
When youre poor, applying for a job online, or finding a doctor, or simply answering an email, often takes extra money, time, and luck that you dont have.
We have come a long way since 9/11, but as the threat of terrorism continues to evolve and adapt, so must we.
Colin Kaepernicks silent protest reminds Americans that calling out injustice is more glorious than scoring touchdowns.
Fifteen years after 9/11 and five months from the end of President Obama's tenure, Americans are asking tough questions about where we are in the fight against terrorism.
The high cost of child care is forcing parents out of the
workforce, setting kids behind, and draining the economy. https://www.signherenow.org/petition/childcare/cap/
Texas students have returned to their campuses with a new culture war on their home front.concealed handguns in the classroom.
http://theundefeated.com/features/university-of-texas-campus-carry-law-presents-unique-threat-to-black-students/
College football season is underway, and amidst the excitement and upsets, lies a much more serious issue: the prevalence of sexual assault in the sport.
https://thinkprogress.org/one-womans-quest-to-end-the-sexual-assault-epidemic-in-college-football-dbab5b36f77c#.9isrs8lec
Not so great news.... While middle class wages may be rebounding, the costs of healthcare, education, and housing are rising faster than inflation: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/economy/report/2016/09/08/143585/raising-wages-and-rebuilding-wealth/
Great news! The middle class is rebounding!
Read our report on raising wages and rebuilding wealth: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/economy/report/2016/09/08/143585/raising-wages-and-rebuilding-wealth/
There was once a large population of middle-income American families, which stuck out as extraordinary compared to other countries. But in recent years, as developing nations have enjoyed ballooning middle classes, Americas has stalled out.
"The middle class is not a number...It's a value set." - Vice President Biden
Turkish officials point to Fethullah Glen as the mastermind of the July coup attempt. Glen, is a U.S. permanent resident living in self-imposed exile from Turkey since 1999.
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/security/report/2016/09/07/143587/the-process-behind-turkeys-proposed-extradition-of-fethullah-gulen/
Neera Tanden just took the stage to introduce Joe Biden at our #MiddleClassRoadmap event. Watch here: http://ampr.gs/2c9HVdS
Middle-class Americans need policies that promote good jobs; a growing, inclusive economy; and affordable child care, higher education, health care, housing, and retirement.
Here's what you need to know about American children: http://ampr.gs/2c7XG4u
Far too often, LGBTQ people of color are treated like criminals, even when crimes are being perpetrated against them.
We must admit that the criminal justice system at every stage disproportionately impacts people of color. We must admit it is easier to get your hands on a gun than a book or a computer in certain neighborhoods. We must admit some law enforcement officers are wrong.
President Barack Obama made history on Tuesday by nominating the first Muslim person to the federal judiciary, Abid Qureshi
Policies that raise wages may be the key to unlocking productivity growth.
Much in American life has changed in the more than half century since King argued that no Christian church could follow the teachings of Jesus Christ and remain segregated... yet the intimacy and privacy of worship remains, for the most part, racially separate.
Happy Labor Day!
Good news - health care spending under the ACA is significantly lower than originally estimated.
Almost 600 people have been shot and killed by police so far in 2016.
"The separation creates a culture that says that I am a problem, that I am something different... " State sanctioned discrimination like North Carolina's HB 2 law will hurt countless students in North Carolina just like Finn.
25% of inmates at the Dallas County jail are struggling with a mental illness, making it the second-largest mental health institution in the entire state of Texas.
Today, the KKK looms larger than reality.
151k jobs added and unemployment steady at 4.9%.

Here's what we have to say about the jobs report: http://ampr.gs/2bZhdsL
California could soon become the first state in the country to offer poor families some help with an expensive necessity: diapers.
Here's what you need to know.
Here's what you need to know before the new jobs numbers are released tomorrow.
8 key ways states can help school districts make decisions based on evidence and improve their lowest-performing schools
Despite all the crises and challenges elsewhere, the Obama administration has established the groundwork for a fundamental shift in U.S. foreign policy in the coming decades.
The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday rejected a bid by North Carolina to reinstate for Novembers elections several voting restrictions, including a requirement that people show identification at the polls.
President Obama has granted more commutations in a single year than any other president in nearly a century.
There is an enormous amount of pain and poverty in this rich land. How can the lens of housing help us to develop a new understanding of issues of poverty?
Every day, 78 Americans die from opioid overdoses. Congress must do more to address this epidemic.
Historically, federal efforts to make apprenticeship programs more racially and gender diverse have had limited success. But that is beginning to change.
Since 2000, the share of domestic investment has decreased as the share of after-tax profits has increased. The market has discounted future returns by an estimated 5% to 10% annually in excess of expectations. This tilt toward the short term may not be immediately noticeable but may undermine future profitability.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson is ordering a review of the agencys policy of using private contractors to run immigrant detention centers.
"Some people are concerned that Americans are treating their pets more and more like childrenbut when it comes to gender equality in caregiving, its time we treat our kids more like our pets."
Addressing the reproductive health needs of Millennials is key to fighting the Zika virus.
Health care providers must consider the history of long-acting reversible contraceptives being used to control the reproduction of low income women of color when trying to promote reproductive autonomy.
I do know this: ever since I was allowed to vote, my community has become more important, more important than going back to prison. I get to add to my community instead of taking from it. Isnt that what everybody wants?
A 26-year-old mother who takes five years off from a median-paying job  $30,253 in 2014  would forfeit $467,000 over a work life, reducing her lifetime earnings by 19 percent
29 new private sector companies  including Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Target, Visa and General Motors  have signed a pledge committing to closing the gender pay gap for their employees.
Politicians like the phrase welfare to work. But low-income people are already working.
President Obama created the largest protected area on the planet Friday, by expanding a national marine monument off the coast of his native Hawaii to encompass 582,578 square miles of land and sea.
Full-time African-American female educators make only 84 cents for every dollar earned by white counterparts, on average.
Between 2001 and 2011, approximately 4,300 square miles of natural areas in the West disappeared because of development. That's an area bigger than Yellowstone National Park. https://www.disappearingwest.org/
For the National Park Services 100th anniversary, Americas parks and public lands need a forward-thinking inclusive policy agenda: http://ampr.gs/2bbKH1p
The Obama administration's Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order is a win-win-win.
Today, women on average earn only 79 cents to a white man's dollar. However, that statistic obscures the fact that many women of color earn even less than 79 cents to a white man's dollar. Here's how we can better support working women:
Between 2014 and 2015, 7.4 million more people had health insurance.
A number of studies show strong connections between solitary confinement and recidivism.
Black women earn 60 percent of what their white male counterparts do, meaning it takes 8 extra months to reach pay parity with white men: http://ampr.gs/2buNqmY
For young black women, wage equality is not only a concern, it is a determining factor in their quality of life
Nearly 84 percent of communities of color and 80 percent of low-income communities in the West live in areas where the proportion of remaining natural area is lower than the state average. Diversity, access, and inclusion should be prioritized for the centennial of the National Park Service
Unemployment rates have a noticeable effect on rates of food insecurity  without an income, its difficult to afford food.
Taking a 5 year break from ones career at the age of 26 will cost the average American woman $467,000 over her lifetime, and the average American man $596,000.
Here's what you need to know
The 2014-15 school year marked the first time that minority student enrollment in public schools surpassed that of white students.
Black men are 7 times as likely as unarmed white men to be killed by police gunfire.
In case you missed it: Top members of the administration  including the president, the vice president, their wives and members of the Cabinet  will not visit institutions whose leaders they consider insufficiently serious about pursuing sexual-assault allegations and punishing perpetrators.
The NBA said no to hate when it pulled the All-Star game from North Carolina; the WNBA realized its folly in fining players for speaking out on a clear and salient social issue. The NCAA should follow suit and stand up for the hundreds of thousands of students it represents, and pull their Final Four from the University of Phoenix stadium.
Thats the untold reality of the situation in Baltimore. The police are effective in serving the interest of the politically empowered parts of the community while also abusing the rights of the vulnerable in other, less influential sections of the city. Arguably, such a dichotomy isnt in conflict with itself; its just how the police are conditioned to do their job.
Asking would-be employees about their salary history ties their new salary to their past salary, thereby perpetuating the wage gap.
They simply do not provide the same level of correctional services, programs, and resources; they do not save substantially on costs; and as noted in a recent report by the Departments Office of Inspector General, they do not maintain the same level of safety and security.
"If everyone who is experiencing poverty hides it, then all of those people end up thinking they are alone. My family would have thought the same, if not for the house next door."
All working families deserve the security that comes with knowing that if parents need to take time off work to care for a new baby or a sick child or recover from a personal illness, they will not risk losing their job or their paycheck.
Heres how the Common Core can help students develop and sustain stronger English Language Arts skills.
Beyond the Whole Womans Health v. Hellerstedt victory, what needs to be done to guarantee all women have access to the full spectrum of reproductive options? https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/women/news/2016/08/17/142643/infographic-the-state-of-abortion-restrictions-after-whole-womans-health/
"There is a meaningful chance that 2016 could begin a retreat of the United States from the mix of economic policies and the global engagement that U.S. businesses have regarded for decades as central to their success  unless business leaders can move decisively to redefine their goals as harmonious with those of working- and middle-class families."
Job loss, low wages, ill health, and the birth of a child are the most common triggers of poverty in many families. How can we strengthen TANF so that it provides an economic safety net for struggling families?
Child poverty costs the U.S. economy $672 billion a year  heres how strengthening the child tax credit can help reduce poverty and increase economic mobility:
People in the LGBTQ community tend to have higher rates of drug usage due to discrimination and prejudice. For example, LGBTQ teenagers are 4 times more likely to try hard drugs like meth and heroin than their straight peers.
Since LGBT people are more likely to be uninsured, more likely to be in poverty, and often face discrimination in insurance coverage, they stand to benefit from Medicaid expansion and nondiscrimination policies.
From a young age, LGBTQ people of color face an extremely high risk of discriminatory treatment and abuse in our criminal justice system.
Instead of providing essential supports for womens health care, the Senates previous Zika bill tried to defund Title X, which would leave low income people of color without health services.
The Congressional Budget Office expects Medicare will spend $2 trillion less than predicted over the next decade.
Listen to faith leaders speak about the importance of religion and faith in reproductive justice work.
Heres how expanded climate-related risk insurance can help protect the countries most vulnerable to climate change related natural disasters:
Public private partnerships allow the government to manage the risk of its investments while undertaking infrastructure development.
In 2012, more than 100,000 big U.S. businesses managed to shelter billions of dollars of income in a single tax haven and pay no corporate income tax on it.

Here's how they did it.
It's too soon for all the results to come in, but preliminary findings seem good.
There are a number of steps that the federal and state governments can takesuch as removing transgender coverage exclusions and amending the Medicaid application to accurately count and enroll LGBT individualsto eliminate barriers to Medicaid coverage.
Naeemah Charles, a 21-year-old superdelegate from California, speaks on the importance of millennial civic engagement:
The average annual cost of childcare for an infant and a 4 year old is nearly $18,000, which is 42% of the median income for an African American family.
People with criminal records must not only be able to find work, but to find work that pays a living wage. Just a 10% increase in wages for lower-educated men has been shown to lead to a 10-20% decrease in crime.
Although the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea wont help the U.S. in the South China Sea, it is still deeply important. Heres why:
The recent voting rights rulings are a victory against restrictive and discriminatory voting legislation.
Here's how rainy day funds can be used to protect middle and lower income families during difficult economic times.
The U.S. economy added 255,000 jobs in July
Earlier this week, President Obama granted clemency to 214 federal inmates across the country. 67 of these people were serving life sentences, almost all of them for nonviolent drug crimes.
Congresss failure to pass a comprehensive Zika funding bill has left 2 million women at risk in the coming months
Although the unemployment rate has seen a strong recovery, other labor market indicators show room for improvement. Heres what well be keeping an eye out for when jobs numbers are released tomorrow:
The Massachusetts Legislature just unanimously passed the strongest equal pay law in the country. This law requires employers to pay employees the same wage for the same or comparable positions and prevents employers from asking for a salary history from prospective hires.
These past couple weeks have seen a number of victories for challengers to voting restriction laws:
Mandatory arbitration clauses have made it more difficult for consumers and workers to challenge company wrongdoing
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/economy/report/2016/08/02/142095/the-case-against-mandatory-consumer-arbitration-clauses/
Right now, only 1 in 4 jobless workers are receiving benefits from unemployment insurance. These benefits were essential to helping LaQuita Hatcher and her family stay afloat when she was laid off.
Since 1945, only 6% of the 77 Texas State Supreme Court judges have been Latinx, even as the states Latinx population continues to grow:
http://www.texasstandard.org/stories/latino-voters-sue-texas-over-unique-barriers-created-by-at-large-judicial-elections/
These power producers want to undo the Clean Power Plan in order to prevent regulation of their own pollution. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/green/report/2016/06/24/140213/suing-and-spewing-the-massive-pollution-behind-the-fight-to-overturn-the-clean-power-plan/
Lead poisoning disproportionately impacts black children and communities, as Black children are three times more likely to have highly elevated blood lead levels than white children.
In a 2011 survey, 90% of transgender people reported being harassed or discriminated against in the workplace.
If the Affordable Care Act were repealed, an estimated 24 million Americans would lose coverage by 2021.
African Americans are more likely to live in or near communities that are more polluted than White people who make only $10,000 a year.
On any given night in 2015, at least 32,800 Americans in rural families experienced homelessness. Many of those families are families of color. In suburban/rural areas, families of color are twice as likely as White families to live in substandard housing.
https://talkpoverty.org/2016/07/27/homeless-rural-america-heres-help-families-like-mine/
Federal acts designed to protect Native Americans are only accessible to the 22% that live on Federal Reservations.
6.4 million children, or 9% of all U.S. children, benefit from Social Security either directly or indirectly. This makes social security one of the nations largest antipoverty programs for children.
Leaders should not expect children to succeed despite where they grew up. Instead, they should work to ensure that children of all backgrounds can succeed in communities that provide opportunity.
Breaking news
4 people in the Miami area have been infected with the Zika virus by local mosquitoes. This is the first confirmed case of transmission in the continental U.S.
In the U.S., we waste about 40% of the food we produce, in part because of peoples resistance to buy ugly food.
30-year-olds today make about the same income as 30-year-olds in 1984, despite higher college graduation rates and a more productive economy.
How can Libya achieve economic, social, and governmental stability in the face of political shifts?
Without robust investment, the U.S. will face an infrastructure drag that will reduce overall economic productivity.
The $7.5 billion the U.S. has spent fighting the Islamic State must be accompanied by efforts to establish stability in liberated areas in the region.
It is estimated that monopoly hospitals have prices that are 15% higher than in competitive hospital markets.
Shante Needham on how young people are giving her hope a year after the passing of her sister, Sandra Bland:
Of the 135 million homes in the U.S., 30 million have serious health and safety hazards, such as gas leaks, faulty plumbing, and poor heating.
Unemployment insurance stabilizes the economy and protects working families against poverty during unemployment. Just during the great recession, unemployment insurance prevented 1.4 million foreclosures.
Community-based treatment and prevention services are much less expensive than putting someone in prison/jail. For example, in Los Angeles County it costs over $48,500 to jail an individual with a serious mental illness, while it costs less than $20,500 to provide community treatment and supportive housing.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission needs to work to make our financial system safer and more fair.
During Rep. Mickey Michauxs time living in North Carolina, he saw the rise and fall of voting rights in the state.
High-quality, universal preschool would dramatically reduce math achievement gap and close the reading achievement gap for children of color.
http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2016-07-21/universal-preschool-would-boost-the-economy
Transgender people are more likely than the general public not to have health insurance and often experience discrimination when trying to access medical care.
Ruth Ann Norton, the President and CEO of the Green & Healthy Homes Initiative, discusses the importance of preventing lead poisoning in low income communities.
For every dollar the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has spent, it has returned about 5 dollars to consumers.
#tbt to the introduction of the Equality Act in Congress about 1 year ago today! We need this law now more than ever.
"With todays announcement, the evidence could not be any clearer that there are significant economic consequences for states that actively promote and enable discrimination against LGBT people."
In its decision to sue to block the mergers, the Department of Justice recognized that the healthboth physical and financialof the American people is at stake. Across the health care sector, mergers tend to drive up costs for consumers and businesses, as well as contribute to rising income inequality. These mergers, which would have consolidated the five big insurers down to three, would have irreversibly transformed and destabilized the health care landscape at a critical juncture.
What can we expect to see happen in the Turkish economy by the end of 2023?
Food insecurity disproportionately affects LGBT people of color. Over 40% of LGBT African Americans have been unable to afford food for themselves or their family at least once in the past year.
Heres what Interiors new Moab master leasing plan is and why it's a big win for public lands and the outdoor economy.
Huge victory out of the 5th Circuit today, rejecting Texas's voter ID law as unconstitutional.
People in the U.S. spend about 70% of their time inside a residence, yet over 30 million of our housing units have significant physical or health hazards.
In the United States, 2 million pregnant women are at risk of contracting Zika, most of them in the South.
Jail inmates are more than 6 times as likely to report a cognitive disability than the nonincarcerated population.
Over the past few decades, it has become less and less likely a worker will be able to move up the income ladder.
The process to confirm judicial candidates used to on average take only a few months. Its now taking closer to a year.
CAP calls on a full Supreme Court to grant rehearing in the DAPA/DACA immigration case, United States v. Texas: ampr.gs/29Kk3fa
In the last year, Social Security kept 21 million Americans out of poverty - more than any other government program.
The Senates inaction on the Garland nomination led to the court issuing a nondecision on an immigration case that has left 4 million immigrants vulnerable to deportation.
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/civil-liberties/news/2016/07/14/141210/mitch-mcconnell-a-legacy-of-obstruction/
Infrastructure investments have the potential to facilitate social mobility and encourage healthy economic competition.
Practical policy reforms are needed to channel the anger and pain resulting from last weeks events into change.
In Florida, women of color make up nearly 19 % of eligible voters this coming November.
Allowing former felons to vote discourages recidivism.
CAPs Vikram Singh on the attempted coup in Turkey: http://ampr.gs/29P8t6K
When they reconvene in September, the Senate will have gone 176 days without voting on the Garland nomination  the longest a Supreme Court nominee has ever waited for a hearing or confirmation.
Banks still need to earn the trust of many millenials, 4/10 of whom are unbanked or underbanked.
https://www.facebook.com/MicMedia/videos/1177346632288125/
Honest and thorough conversations about policing and race in America are essential in order for us to move forward.
President Obama joined ABC News for a town hall on building trust and ensuring justice in our communities. Watch:
https://www.facebook.com/AmericanProgressAction/videos/10153802902925847/
Obamas executive action on equal pay will help women and people of color use hard data to prove unequal treatment.
In the aftermath of the ruling that Chinas claims in the South China Sea are illegal, what is the U.S.s role?
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jul/13/south-china-sea-ruling-challenges
How can White Progressives act as allies to their Black friends and colleagues?
Low and middle income workers have seen very little income growth in the last 20 years. Heres how the EITC can help.
Addressing the racial achievement gap in education can help communities and boost our economy.
How can the nation take action to change the way communities of color are policed after last weeks tragedies?
Cooperation and collaboration on standardized testing helps states save money and improves test quality.
http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2016-07-08/states-should-keep-working-together-on-better-standardized-tests
President Obama commuted the sentences of 46 nonviolent drug offenders a year ago. Heres where they are now: http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/opinions/wp/2016/07/08/one-year-out/
Modernizing and expanding our unemployment insurance is essential in order to protect workers and help stabilize the economy.
Black men make up only 6% of the US population but 50% of the people killed by gun violence.
Im not sure how we can prevent police-involved shootings unless we change the psychology of how police look at black people.  Lamarr Sullivan
Teaching Residency programs train teachers who improve student achievement and are more likely to remain teachers.
123 Black lives have been taken by police officers in the only 189 days of 2016.
Every $1 spent on unemployment insurance benefits can generate as much as $2 in additional economic activity.
African Americans are incarcerated at disproportionate rates. Black men were sent to prison on drug charges at 11.8 times the rate of white men. Black women are sent to prison on drug charges at 4.8 times the rate of white women.
Neera Tanden on the Dallas shootings
Today's Jobs Day update: U.S. adds 287,000 jobs in June
Millions of Americans who depended on the Supreme Court for a final answer now, instead, face a patchwork of constitutional rights depending on where they live. Senators, #DoYourJob so the Supreme Court can get back to doing its job, too.
Police are very rarely prosecuted for fatal shootings. Of the 4,054 people killed by police since 2013, only 6 cases have led to convictions.
The number of fatal shootings by officers has increased from 465 in the first six months of last year to 491 for the same period this year, according to an ongoing two-year study by Washington Post.
Neera Tanden on the recent police shootings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota: http://ampr.gs/29kWfOK
A better future simply cannot be built on an imaginary past, and must include all the cultures and hues that make our country unique.
Black men are 7 times as likely as unarmed white men to be killed by police gunfire.
The U.S. has one of the highest infant mortality rates in the world  how could home visits by nurses help?
The Safe Bathrooms map shows transgender people traveling in North Carolina safe places for them to use the bathroom.
According to White House officials, top members of the administration  including the president, the vice president, their wives and members of the Cabinet  will not visit institutions whose leaders they consider insufficiently serious about pursuing sexual-assault allegations and punishing perpetrators.
"The United States is the indispensable nation...But there's nothing in the word indispensable that says alone." - Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, in Center For American Progress Action Fund's new video
African Americans are the group most often affected by gun violence, but it touches the lives of all Americans.
This Independence Day, is the Constitutional ideal of religious freedom a reality for many Muslim-Americans?
Happy 4th of July from all of us here at CAP!
In a system where health care is often tied to employment, transgender people are especially vulnerable.
"Babies of color now outnumber non-Hispanic white babies (1 year or younger), according to new estimates from the U.S. Census Bureau. The newest estimate shows that on July 1, 2015, the population of racial or ethnic minority babies was 50.2 percent."
The same dynamics that led to the Brexit outcome could play out in a Southeast Asian economic integration project.
The U.S. is the only industrialized country without a national paid family leave program.
Revitalizing the use of antitrust authority is essential in order to restore competition and opportunity in the economy.
The judge said the law favors some religious beliefs over others and would codify unequal treatment of LGBT people.
I cried in the car. I feel liberated.
Between 2011 and 2014, 55% of Texas women reported at least one barrier to accessing reproductive health care services, including cervical cancer screening and family planning services.
A plan to take half a million dollars from disaster relief to help fund an anti-LGBT law may be approved soon.
Today, the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) announced that they are ending the ban on transgender people being able to serve openly in the U.S. military!
Our mission is to defend this country, and we dont want barriers unrelated to a persons qualification to serve preventing us from recruiting or retaining the soldier, sailor, airman or Marine who can best accomplish the mission, Carter said. We have to have access to 100 percent of Americas population for our all-volunteer forces to be able to recruit from among them the most highly qualified  and to retain them.
This underscores the importance of more and better data to understand and assess the needs of the LGBT community.
Our economy needs a progressive competition policy
Quality educational experiences, an assisted transition back to school, and other reentry services can disrupt the school to prison pipeline for kids and adolescents in juvenile justice facilities.
Reforms being made at a Mississippi Detention Center indicate the dawn of a post-solitary confinement era.
Tomorrows North American Leaders Summit needs to address some major challenges to the health of our oceans.
Heres how to strengthen a federal housing program in order to better protect homeowners and communities.
By examining New Bedfords success in promoting rooftop solar, other cities facing similar economic challenges can also work toward creative ways to bring affordable, clean energy for all their residents.
In a 6-2 vote, the justices decided that domestic abusers convicted of misdemeanor assault can be barred from owning firearms.
Payday and Auto Title loans are risky loans which often trap consumers in a cycle of debt. Some borrowers even lose their cars or their bank accounts while trying to pay back the debt theyve accumulated.
Neera Tanden on today's victory at the Supreme Court
Big win today at #SCOTUS for reproductive rights, but we still live in a country where abortion care is unobtainable for too many.
The U.S. Supreme Court today struck down Texas sham anti-choice laws that placed an unconstitutional and undue burden on womens rights and access to abortion. While this is a huge victory and sends a clear signal that the war on womens reproductive rights needs to end, too many women still face significant obstacles in accessing their constitutional right to abortion.
"We need to make sure folks leave with the education and skills and opportunity to get a job..." - Secretary of Education John King Jr.
Taking a 5 year break from ones career at the age of 26 will cost the average American woman $467,000 over her lifetime, and the average American man $596,000.
"Get people into housing because that helps stabilize them if they're dealing with other issues" - Secretary Julin Castro
The modern lgbt rights movement can be traced back to the 1969 uprising at the Stonewall Inn, which President Obama just designated as the newest addition to Americas National Park System.
Since the Shelby County vs. Holder Supreme Court decision in 2013, multiple states have passed laws that have the potential to significantly restrict the ability of eligible voters to cast ballots at the polls.
Unspoken racial rules that can be traced back through history undergird our economy and society, deeply affecting the lives of Black Americans.
Less than 1/4 of the South Asian immigrants who are DACA-eligible had even applied as of this March.
Loretta Lynch, Attorney General speaks at CAP on the importance of government issued IDs to folks who have entered the criminal justice system - its not just about the ID.
This week Im designating the Stonewall National Monument as the newest addition to Americas National Park System. Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights. I believe our national parks should reflect the full story of our country, the richness and diversity and uniquely American spirit that has always defined us. That we are stronger together. That out of many, we are one.  President Obama
Today, in the midst of Pride Month and the New York City Pride celebration, President Barack Obama has established the Stonewall Inn National Monument in New York City.

This is a historic moment.
"A belief in second chances is fundamental to who we are as Americans. "
Taking a 5 year break from ones career at the age of 26 will cost the average American woman $467,000 over her lifetime, and the average American man $596,000.
Refinery29 takes a look at our child care cost calculator, which shows just how much  money you may be missing out on when you take a year out of the work force to care for your children.

Check it out!
The median wealth for a single white man aged 18-64 was $41,410, but the median wealth for a single black woman in the same age range was $5.
The Supreme Court deadlocked 4-4 on #USvTX. Millions are left in limbo & the harmful lower court decision remains in effect.
Today is a victory for all Americans, as the Supreme Court upheld the University of Texas at Austins affirmative action plan. The Court recognized that diversity is a value worth supporting in college classrooms, and now is in line with the 63% of the American public who support affirmative action on college campuses.
Increasing the minimum wage to $12 per hour would boost wages for 250,000 women in Colorado.
How could leaving the workforce to care for your child impact your lifetime earnings? Between lost wage growth and lost retirement benefits, probably more than youd expect.
It's not just taking a year off to raise your child, and losing that salary. It's the loss of wage growth, the lost of retirement assets and benefits, and the fact that you can't ever quite catch up, financially, from that year you took off to care for your child.

So how much money will you lose if you take time off to raise a family? The answer might be higher than you think.
Black preschool students are 3.6 times more likely to be suspended than their White counterparts. Heres how we change that.
In Florida, the wage gap is significant for Black and Latina women in Florida, who respectively earn 61.4 cents and 59.2 cents to every dollar earned by a White man.
For some families, differences between unemployment insurance benefits across states means the difference between poverty and opportunity. bit.ly/28Iq0Jq
In 2015, concerns that anti-terrorism policies have gone too far in restricting civil liberties fell to 28%, the lowest in 5 years.
Methane gas is a powerful global warming pollutant that is produced in vast quantities by the oil & gas industry.
While the approval from the Food and Drug Administration is early in the long process of approving a vaccine for widespread use, it is a step forward in finding a vaccine for the virus, which has become a global health emergency.
Getting ready to celebrate #FathersDay this weekend? Take a minute to learn how Fatherhood is changing.
If Congress does not make a serious commitment to funding Zika research and treatment, the long-term effects of Zika could perpetuate the cycle of poverty for low-income women and their families.
Today, about 3 in 4 unemployed jobseekers in the U.S. receive no assistance from unemployment insurance.
2 in 3 American households will experience unemployment first-hand during their working years.
The U.S. and China each have a key role in the world fulfilling the terms of the Paris Climate agreement. Learn about the domestic and international policies each country is putting in place to achieve their conservation goals:
On Wednesday, the U.S. Department of Education proposes shutting down ACSIS, the nations largest accreditor of for-profit colleges.
The Washington Nationals Night Out on Tuesday created a safe space for LGBT people with its tribute to the lives lost in Orlando on Saturday night.
Updating UI rules will make more women, low-wage workers, workers of color, and independent contractors eligible. #FixUI
The Jobseekers Allowance would allow a broader class of unemployed workers to receive a sum of money thats not enough to live off of, but would be enough to offset some of the expenses of a job search  like cleaning clothes, printing resumes or traveling to job sites for interviews.
More comprehensive access to birth control and family planning services would help to protect families against Zika.
The CAP Womens Team enjoying the White House Summit on the United State of Women!
On the fourth anniversary of DACA, more than 728,000 people have received DACA out of the over 1 million people who are currently eligible to apply. But legislative reform is absolutely necessary in order to put people on the path to permanent status and citizenship in the United States.
"While it may be impossible to completely stamp out hatred in its many forms, with every instance of acceptance, every law that protects, and every step toward preventing the tools used by those who hate from taking another innocent life, hatred loses a little ground. And maybe, one day, names such as Newtown, Columbine, Charleston, Virginia Tech, San Bernardino, and Orlando will come to mean something very different."
Without assistance from Congress, funding for Zika research will run out by the end of the summer.
Team CAP at Night Out at Nationals Park
Although typical household costs for a working family have grown by an average of $10,000 from 2002 to 2012, wages have remained the same or even decreased, making it difficult for working families to make ends meet.
This is our reality.
As has been shown in Texas, governmental interference in the safe practice of abortion care actually leads to an increase in illegal abortion:
Looting, grave robbing, and vandalism disrespects Native American history and culture while also destroying archaeological record.
"It is a reminder that anti-gay violence has never been about individual acts against individuals, but an attack against the very idea that L.G.B.T. people should be free to express and enjoy themselves in public."
Neera Tanden's full remarks on today's tragedy: https://www.americanprogress.org/press/statement/2016/06/12/139368/statement-cap-president-and-ceo-neera-tanden-on-pulse-nightclub-mass-shooting/
"I woke up this morning to news that there had been a mass shooting. A mass slaughtering in Orlando in a gay club. And I cried. In fact, I havent stopped crying. Im crying while writing this.

Because despite President Obama announcing that June is Pride Month, despite the positive portrayal of LGBTQ characters in the media (still too few in my opinion), despite the corporate support shown to our community, it is still not safe to be LGBTQ in the United States of America."
The Pulse nightclub attack is the worst mass shooting slaughter in American history. At least 50 dead, 53 wounded.
"About 20 people were killed and at least 42 people were wounded when a gunman armed with an assault rifle and a handgun opened fire inside a downtown Orlando nightclub about 2 a.m."
Laws such as HIV criminalization statutes and punitive bans on sex work disproportionally affect transgender people, often forcing them into the criminal justice system.
"We're not a people unless we have our land" - the Nez Perce people speak out about what the loss of lands in the disappearing west means for their community.
Even though 1 of 2 Americans will experience poverty or near poverty during their working years, major news outlets have barely spent any time in 2016 discussing poverty or income inequality.
LGBT Progress joined Laverne Cox, Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, Raul M. Grijalva, National Center for Transgender Equality, The Williams Institute at UCLA School of Law, and others to discuss the need for LGBT data collection today!
The choice whether to use contraception is a personal one, but all women should have access to long term reversible contraception, regardless of whether they have previously had a child, or previously had an abortion.
The SEC should require firms to disclose their human capital investments and metrics.
Protecting Americas living marine resources, the industries that rely on them, and the consumers that love them must remain at the top of the to-do list for the next presidentregardless of party affiliation or political philosophy.
Here's what you need to know before November.
Marine conservation measures are now more essential than ever.
ACICS must go: http://ampr.gs/1Y1Qwm5
Here are three ways to tell if someone is serious about evidence-based policy.
Progressive policies offer the best solutions to tackle widespread economic instability and restore the American dream
Should any person in America end up homeless for taking care of a sick child?
Allowing ACICS to persist is simply unacceptable. For the good of both American students and taxpayers, its role as gatekeeper for federal financial aid must be terminated.
Perhaps the ACA's greatest legacy has been its impact on racial inequality in America.
This is a major step toward reining in predatory debt traps that exploit the financial struggles of millions of economically vulnerable Americans.
In the United States, more than 2 million pregnant women will be potentially at risk.
International finance institutions can use proxy carbon pricing in conjunction with other tools to drive climate-compatible investments and help meet the goals of the Paris Agreement.
While the United States has now invested in engaging multilateral institutions in the Asia-Pacific, many of those organizations are not operating to their full problem-solving potential, despite the major security challenges and disagreements facing the region today.
Only 4% of the research compares two or more drugs, although drugs account for 17% of overall health care spending.
I think that when it comes to shootings like the one in Chicago people are just numb to and they dont focus on it, Sam Fulwood, a former journalist and a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress told MSNBC on Thursday. The people who feel strongly about saving the gorilla make for the better story and they get more attention.
Nearly three million college students a year are going to food pantries so they don't go hungry
This morning's jobs numbers - what you need to know.
Jobs numbers come out tomorrow. Here's what you need to know before then.
This rule is expected to help struggling families avoid $8 billion in fees from predatory lenders each year.
CAP staff and interns are proud to #WearOrange to bring awareness to gun violence, and push for commonsense solutions to keep Americans safe.
A loan of a few hundred dollars should not lead to insurmountable debt.
President Obamas announcement helps shift the debate about Social Security to where it needs to be: How to best ensure that all Americans can have a dignified retirement.
Tomorrow, we #wearorange for gun violence awareness. Will you be participating?
Families with low incomes are doubly penalized in that they have fewer resources to spend, and therefore pay more for basic supplies because they cant buy in bulk or purchase memberships at wholesale stores.
Today is the start of #ImmigrantHeritageMonth! Check out this amazing video and stand with immigrants: IAmAnImmigrant.com
It's time.
Without credit, the unemployed are more likely to settle for lower-paying gigs, which can reduce lifetime earnings.
The citys law will require businesses with six or more employees to let their workers accrue up to two days of paid leave every year with the ability to roll over unused leave to add up to a cap of 80 hours a year.
Here's what you need to know about comparative effectiveness research and U.S. health policy.
This Memorial Day, we honor those who have sacrificed for our country.
Neera Tanden on the passing of Cassandra Q. Butts: http://ampr.gs/1XWLGa4
Currently, even including abstinence-only programs, total federal funding for teen pregnancy prevention is about $280 million annually, with only $175 million of that going toward evidence-based initiatives. Less than 2 percent of teens have access to these programs.
The health care and housing sectors can teach us about rethinking college affordability.
The Senate unanimously approved a non-binding resolution calling on U.S. Soccer to immediately end gender pay inequity and to treat all athletes with the respect and dignity those athletes deserve.
More than 2 million women may be at risk.
I know many people who would make strong teachers. The tremendous amount the tremendous upfront cost to earning a teaching license proved to be too much of a barrier for us. And we need to change that.
