For the links to my latest into  INTO THE FRAY column:

FOR AMERICA: RESPITE - NOT REDEMPTION 
Click:  http://www.strategic-israel.org/1505/into-fray-for-america-respite-not-redemption

  (Kindly consider "liking", sharing, tweeting - please use hash-tag #IntoFray)  

For America, and everything that made it America, the results of Tuesdays election are a welcome and necessary  respite - but are far from being a lasting redemption
#IntoFray, #Obama, #Clinton, #Trump #IranDeal, #WhiteHouse, #USA, #Terror, #Democrats,  #GOP

http://www.strategic-israel.org/1505/into-fray-for-america-respite-not-redemption/
The New Democrat Party
Could you please post the adds in papers looking for paid agitators?
All Trump has to do is have ALL the absentee ballots counted...You know, the ones from the Military, Businesses and ex-patriots abroad. ALL voting Republican...then HE would be WAY AHEAD in the popular vote.  Maybe he should do that to shut the libs up!
Breitbart is approaching the FB 3 million page like mark :D
Could the GOP establishment be any more humiliated?
MEDIAS JUMPING THE GUN IN THE MOST STUPID WAY :-)
Everyone from pollsters to pundits got the result of the US presidential election wrong; but few can have made it in such an expensive manner. Newsweek and a partner that prints up special commemorative issues has been forced into an embarrassing recall, after it sent out 125,000 copies of its Madam President issue designed to celebrate Hillary Clinton's win. Sellout medias can be so stupid :-)

https://www.facebook.com/233399193695938/photos/a.233408127028378.1073741828.233399193695938/372705266431996
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/11/12/police-reportedly-respond-to-reports-gunfire-at-mall-in-upstate-ny.html
One of the untold stories of this historic election has been how American women rejected the left's phony gender pandering...
the irony. But Only aganst bullies when  convenient 
TRUMP/PENCE ARE GRABBING FOR THE UTERUS. The Roman Catholics & Evangelicals greatly helped elect Trump, such as it was, @ the Abortion issue. While it  is easy for a radio jockey like Mike Pence to play the abortion issue, it plays out very differently when it is happening in your own family. As Clergy I have great reverence for life, all life at all times. Sometimes an evil person may need to be murdered by society. Sometimes, too,, an abortion is a necessity. I want to share something of our personal story & there are a range of responses, I know. Yet as a former Capitol Hill Chief of Staff for the Select Narcotics Committee I feel strongly that there are real limits to government power: Abortion is one place that is a sacred & personal tragedy, where the State has no right to insinuate itself, still recognizing the excruciation that it is. Drugs is another area to consider, too, as our State policies have only managed a price support system for major traffickers. The following is a glimpse into our story with Abortion, knowing that there will be some who feel differently. BTW too, Religious Groups attempting to influence the State into making Abortion illegal, such as Evangelicals & Roman Catholic Paulist Fathers & others, must as soon as possible have their Tax Exempt Status stripped.
      Thanks, Robert, but I'm trying to stay an arm's distance from the subject for the moment. I'm not turning on the TV. I don't want to see that asshole visit The White House. CNN popped up something to that effect on my iPhone, and now I'm going to try to figure out how to turn off "news notices" function.
I can see the headline, which is "Blame White Evangelicals For..."
I gather the rest. 
And I already do blame them, so I don't need to be told to. I blame religionists the world over, yourself and your kind excluded of course, for dragging the world into the mud and mire of the past. Religion's adherence to dogma written centuries again dictates it must be conservative, by nature. They're not writing new bibles. These are old books, written by people who though the earth was flat, by people who didn't know what the word "science" meant, by people who believed in witches and shape-shifters, and today those java-man like words are misinterpreted by java-man like people. And those are the idiots who blow up cafes and wh voted for Trump.
Robert Maury Hundley
America dodged a bad ass bullet when they chose to kick Hillary's ass to the curb ... God love 'em ... and thank you Breitbart for your great work in promoting this film Clinton Cash Film ... humanity needs to know the extent of the crony capitalism / corruption / pay-for-play that these sidewinders have been up ... nothing but high paid grifters and con artists .. maybe they'll do jail time .... for the sake of the people in Haiti esp this video still needs to go viral ..... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM
TRUMP/PENCE ARE GRABBING FOR THE UTERUS. The Roman Catholics & Evangelicals greatly helped elect Trump, such as it was, @ the Abortion issue. While it  is easy for a radio jockey like Mike Pence to play the abortion issue, it plays out very differently when it is happening in your own family. As Clergy I have great reverence for life, all life at all times. Sometimes an evil person may need to be murdered by society. Sometimes, too,, an abortion is a necessity. I want to share something of our personal story & there are a range of responses, I know. Yet as a former Capitol Hill Chief of Staff for the Select Narcotics Committee I feel strongly that there are real limits to government power: Abortion is one place that is a sacred & personal tragedy, where the State has no right to insinuate itself, still recognizing the excruciation that it is. Drugs is another area to consider, too, as our State policies have only managed a price support system for major traffickers. The following is a glimpse into our story with Abortion, knowing that there will be some who feel differently. BTW too, Religious Groups attempting to influence the State into making Abortion illegal, such as Evangelicals & Roman Catholic Paulist Fathers & others, must as soon as possible have their Tax Exempt Status stripped.
      Thanks, Robert, but I'm trying to stay an arm's distance from the subject for the moment. I'm not turning on the TV. I don't want to see that asshole visit The White House. CNN popped up something to that effect on my iPhone, and now I'm going to try to figure out how to turn off "news notices" function.
I can see the headline, which is "Blame White Evangelicals For..."
I gather the rest. 
And I already do blame them, so I don't need to be told to. I blame religionists the world over, yourself and your kind excluded of course, for dragging the world into the mud and mire of the past. Religion's adherence to dogma written centuries again dictates it must be conservative, by nature. They're not writing new bibles. These are old books, written by people who though the earth was flat, by people who didn't know what the word "science" meant, by people who believed in witches and shape-shifters, and today those java-man like words are misinterpreted by java-man like people. And those are the idiots who blow up cafes and wh voted for Trump.
Robert Maury Hundley
I have seen more Trump supporters on Facebook basically saying to liberals to suck it up butter cup than I have seen Trump haters coming out against him.  Yes he won, do I like it, no I don't but this is the first time I've said something since the election. I am just going say this, if you can't handle the fact that there are those who are exercising their first amendment rights in saying that they disagree with the fact that Trump was elected then time for you to suck it up butter cup.
Anti-Trump Groups Still Recruiting With Soros and DNC Money .... Ad From Seattle, Washington >>> http://seattle.craigslist.org/see/npo/5871826427.html
Cant wait till someone offs Trump.Hopefully this is the catalyst for the american civil war.Death to the right!
Have you seen this yet? Lots of people talking about it. 

It's definitely worth a Saturday afternoon watch. This progressive DESTROYS his fellow progressives for calling Trump voters racists, promoting political correctness, and for not accepting responsibility for Hillary's defeat.
PROTESTERS LOOKING AT 20 YEARS JAIL TIME?
Stop! Before you pick up that protest sign and head out the door, there might be one little detail the organization hiring you forgot to mention...it could mean 20 YEARS JAIL! 

Under Title 18 US Code 2385, Advocating Overthrow of the US Government, arrests could begin taking place across the country. From the media co-conspirators actively participating in this attempt to the entities that funded and continue to incite and organize it, class actions may be the least of their concern for many, as long jail terms could be a reality, as well. For those unfamiliar with Title 18, Code 2385, here's some highlights...

WHOEVER knowingly or willfully ADVOCATES, abets, advises, or teaches the duty, necessity, desirability, or propriety of overthrowing or destroying the government of the United States or the government of any State, Territory, District or Possession thereof, or the government of any political subdivision therein, BY FORCE OR VIOLENCE, OR BY THE ASSASSINATION of any officer of any such government; or

WHOEVER, with intent to cause the overthrow or destruction of any such government, prints, publishes, edits, issues, circulates, sells, distributes, or PUBLICALLY DISPLAYS ANY WRITTEN OR PRINTED MATTER ADVOCATING, advising, or teaching the duty, necessity, desirability, or propriety of overthrowing or destroying any government in the United States BY FORCE OR VIOLENCE, OR ATTEMPTS TO DO SO; or

Whoever organizes or helps or attempts to organize any society, group, or assembly of persons who teach, advocate, or encourage the overthrow or destruction of any such government by force or violence; or becomes or is a member of, or affiliates with, any such society, group, or assembly of persons, knowing the purposes thereof

Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than TWENTY YEARS, or both, and shall be ineligible for employment by the United States or any department or agency thereof, for the five years next following his conviction.

If two or more persons conspire to commit any offense named in this section, each shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than TWENTY YEARS, or both, and shall be ineligible for employment by the United States or any department or agency thereof, for the five years next following his conviction.

As used in this section, the terms organizes and organize, with respect to any society, group, or assembly of persons, include the recruiting of new members, the forming of new units, and the regrouping or expansion of existing clubs, classes, and other units of such society, group, or assembly of persons.

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2385

#
Instead of rubber bullets use paint ball guns and light these protesters up. Wear your mask, you've got paint all over you and now you're easy to find and follow!
Do You Know Someone Suffering From Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder (TARD)? Know the Signs, Spot the Symptoms, Save a Life
Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder is a pattern of pathologically dissociative and psychotic behavior, first observed in the late hours of November 8th 2016, and increasing in severity with passing time. Sufferers of Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder often exhibit pronounced cognitive dissonance, sudden bouts of rage, uncontrollable crying, suicidal ideation, and extreme butthurt.
Signs and Symptoms:
People with Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder are characterized by a persistent unwillingness to accept that Donald Trump is going to Make America Great Again. Individual sufferers often display signs of paranoia and delusion; in acute cases psychotic episodes have been observed. Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder is different from being upset about the results of the 2016 presidential election; People with TARD are unwilling or unable to accept reality, despite irrefutable evidence.
According to the DSM-V, individuals with TARD exhibit most or all of the following symptoms:
Telling others they are moving to Canada
Fixated on fantasies about the Electoral College
Protesting an election no credible source contests the outcome of
Exclamations that Someone should do Something
Sudden weight gain
Acute change in demeanor from pompous and arrogant to fearful and combative
Claim that anyone who disagrees with them is some combination of Racist, Sexist, Bigoted, Homophobic, and Actually Hitler
Causes and Mechanisms:
Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder was directly caused by the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States of America. For many, both in America and worldwide, this was a shocking and unexpected outcome; their preferred news sources having failed to inform them that the alternative candidate was a criminal parasite in such ill health she got chucked into the back of a van like a kidnap victim.
Research is ongoing, but TARD appears to correlate closely with the following environmental and behavioral factors:
Membership in the Democratic party
Identifying as a Feminist
Currently enrolled in college, and/or
Possession of a Liberal Arts college degree
Cuckoldry
Living in a densely populated metropolitan area
Massive student debt
Spotty or non-existent work history
Hipsterism
Diagnosis:
Diagnosis of Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder is straightforward. Ask the patient if Donald Trump is going to be the Next President of the United States of America. Some patients will become agitated, and may attempt to deflect. Its critical you press them on the issue, even if they start babbling about muh triggers. A sufferer of TARD will begin to ramble incoherently, often displaying three or more of the symptoms within a short period of time.
Co- morbidity:
A diagnosis of Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder is highly comorbid with Paraphilic Infantilism, Emotional Eating, Bush Derangement Syndrome, and adult bed wetting.
Treatment:
The only known effective treatment is exposure therapy. The patient must be repeatedly exposed to reality, and should wear a Make America Great Again hat as long as they are able to tolerate it. Each exposure should increase in length, after a week the patient should be encouraged to be seen in public wearing the MAGA hat. Coach the patient to refer to Donald Trump as President-Elect Trump.
Patients with TARD are very resistant to treatment, and dangerous in large groups. Any possibility of treatment requires that they be separated from their hive-mind support apparatus; they cannot begin the process of accepting reality in the presence of encouragement towards delusion and irrationality. Separation may require the assistance of law enforcement.
If you have a friend or loved one suffering from TARD, urge them to seek treatment. Together we can beat this scourge, and Make America Great Again!
Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder is a pattern of pathologically dissociate and psychotic behavior, first observed in the late hours of November 8th 2016, and increasing in severity with passing time. Sufferers of Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder often exhibit pronounced cognitive dissonance, sudden bouts of rage, uncontrollable crying, suicidal ideation, and extreme butthurt.
Hillary Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin, was seen weeping as she walked alone on the streets of Brooklyn in the days after Election Day.
Please investigate?
Please investigate?
Oprah tries to calm Democrat violence after historic loss to President-Elect Donald Trump.
I am so tired of being called names by the news outlets I'm sorry, I didn't check the rasisum box for this election! I checked it for the person who respected all of us the most!
Prosecuting the corrupt is already fading to a tone of reconciliation. Replacing corrupt operators is not the solution, the corrupt need to be prosecuted. Courage to take on the corrupt needs to prevail. Otherwise, "we the people" got played again.
INSIDERS INVESTIGATIVE NEWS! Why would President Obama and Hillary Clinton be tied to an accused Child Sex Ring Owner? While the media refused to report this story during the election, researchers bravely continued their investigation. Noone wants to believe this but the proof is in the pudding and the facts are placed here before you. This insider's report outlines how several elites are directly tied to the owner of a suspected elitist child sex abuse club. Why is it allowed to exist? Time for YOU to demand change! 

#child #abuse #podesta #pizza Wikileaks Anonymous #anon #obama #hillary #election #protests Fox News Sean Hannity #pingpong #dc #elites #washington #clinton InfoWars Prison Planet.TV Breitbart Kelli Ward for US Senate CNN RT Occult Father Frank Pavone
When will Democrats denounce their violent supporters?
https://electrek.co/2016/11/10/tesla-made-more-money-last-quarter-than-the-entire-us-oil-industry-made-last-year/
They are STILL TALKING ABOUT IT! Why the polls were so wrong, THE POLLS WERE NOT WRONG POLLSTERS WERE LIED TO! People told them they were going to vote for HillaryD (as in cell block D) but when they were alone in the booth they voted for AMERICA FIRST. is it THAT GDDM HARD for professionals in the broadcast world to SEE THIS?
Can President Trump undo the Uranium One deal?
Is it any wonder Establishment Media are going the way of the dinosaur?
14 International Media Covers (with English translation)...
Curious why no one has started a major petition to boycott Hollywood and their advertisers, as well as any television show starring any who have recommended fighting the Trump Presidency.?. I would think if all conservatives decide to tell Hollywood and music industry that we've had enough of them running their mouth and trying to control us by boycotting them they would get the message "Loud and Clear" when they only get a 1/3 of the box goers and 1/3 of ticket sales to their concerts etc. Why not. Lets send a LOUD message for them to shut it. NOW!!
wtf   !!!


Bless you and prayers
Momma's, please wean and potty train your babies before you send them to college.
~Jack Woodard
Congrats on the award, MILO!
Well worth the read, but I guarantee my liberal friends will not even look........so sad.........
InfoWars, Drudge Report & Breitbart are the New Mainstream Media!!
I hope this clears the air for people trying to make sense why Trump won.....enjoy :)

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=598130190359668&id=363765800431935
LOL!

UNITED STATES PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION 2016 MAP BY COUNTIES
This electoral map also accounts for all illegal immigrants who committed voter fraud and so many dead people who got out of the grave to vote for the Democrats and Hillary Clinton, who still lost to President Donald Trump

https://www.facebook.com/233399193695938/photos/a.233408127028378.1073741828.233399193695938/372585349777321
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=729603703870268&set=a.650278081802831.1073741866.100004619349015
Make Your Voice Count - Sign The Petition..

There is already a petition started by the liberals insisting that the electoral college votes for Hillary Clinton to become president. 

Make Our Petition go viral. America's 45th President, Donald Trump.


He couldnt have been more gracious, President-Elect Donald Trump said.
Already flipping on obama care! IMPEACH TRUMP! I told you dummies he was gonna flip. What is this, "im gonna seek Obama's counsel" bs? Don't tell me he's just being polite, because that's BS. He said It because he meant it
Whats happening to America? said David Wilcox, as he showed his wounds inflicted by the mob. Youre supposed to be able to vote in peace! Its supposed to be part of our democracy. And what happened is, I vote for somebody, and I get beaten, robbed, and my car stolen, and I have no way of getting my wife to and from work safe anymore, he told the Chicago Tribunes news crew.
Pleaee share the story of the 4 people killed at Bagram! We need a voice as service members and the other big agencies don't care about us anymore!
So. Much. Winning.
Please cover the human trafficking related to Podesta and the Clintons.
What are the official numbers on the presidential election ? Can't find the real numbers anywhere ?  Did Trump win the popular vote in the end ? Can the electorates change the vote to Clinton?  Getting conflicting stories everywhere.
What are your thoughts of the electoral vote in December?
At a post-defeat staff meeting, members of the staff were crying. John Podesta was crying. Bill Clinton was crying. Hillary Clinton hugged mourning members of her squad.
http://thefederalistpapers.org/us/this-democrat-muslim-woman-voted-for-trump-heres-why
https://www.facebook.com/FoxBusiness/videos/10154748307415238/
If you want to know what is wrong with this country and most of the world, Listen to PAUL HARVEY from 1965 IF I WERE THE DEVIL
Hi, I hope you Maker as good as a Job in Germany. I cant read anything in my own langues any longer because the Media is so left. Would even apply for a Job and work for free.
Get a load of this!

And check out whose property it was!
I just wanted to send a personal thank you to Stephen K Bannon for his job on the Trump team along with the entire staff of Breitbart for their excellent journalism and reporting. You all are making America great again.
Has Brietbart blocked me?  Will not let me post.  Only news source I have on fb.
Tried to post a comment on NFL rating on this page and fb says I am blocked.  Anyone else having this problem?
Just listened to Curt's Whatever it takes podcast from friday and wanted to get a message to him related to his section on gun control. Not finding another way to contact, leaving it here:
Gun Control = Only the crooks have guns
We lived in gun outlawed Papua New Guinea from 1982-89 as missionaries. Being a close relative of liberal Britain, they outlawed guns at their founding in 1975. One would think that if gun control could work anywhere it would work on an island where no one but the military and police had guns. Alas, and of course, it did not work. 
Twice in my short time there I was accosted by rascals with guns. Most of my friends there had similar occurrences. And remember, we were the poor missionaries who did not have any evident wealth relative to the other expats.
In all cases, when the police were called they came 3-4 hours later. No, they were not busy with other things, but suspecting they would be out-gunned, they waited til they were sure the crime was completed. Now, our police here are far better equipped and trained than in PNG, but there is no requirement that police react swiftly to their calls and suspecting they will be out-gunned, they will take longer to respond while they get their force together.
As we who value the 2nd amendment know, when guns are outlawed, only the outlaws will have guns.
Appointing Reince Priebus (or any other DC establishment insider) would make it more difficult, not less, for President Trump to achieve the change the people voted for. Its time to drain the swamp  not promote insiders beholden to the Washington establishment who helped create it.
Dear NFL: Do you seriously think We the People are going to support a bunch of America-hating millionaires? After a hard week's work, do you honestly believe we want to sit and devote hours of our time supporting overpaid ingrates who mock our country and degrade its defenders? If so, you're sorely mistaken. Signed, America
Have you seen this? He isn't'in office and they are blaming him for psychologically damaging our children in a report out by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Just a small excerpt from the report: "The SPLC report also illustrates how American schoolchildren are adopting Trumps overall tone  which so often includes name-calling and scapegoating. More than any specific policy proposal, teachers said, kids were expressing more hatred for more people.

So many of my students have begun to show hatred towards refugees, low-income and poverty citizens, and there has been an increase in religious bias, one teacher wrote. Scores of educators shared similar sentiments in the survey comments."

This was posted on Yahoo!
"The media turned itself into the opposition and, accordingly, was voted down as the new political reality emerged: Ads dont work, polls dont work, celebrities dont work, media endorsements dont work, ground games dont work."
I was setting at a red light this afternoon when two police officers on motorcycles stopped traffic while  a suv, four  buses and a van proceeded through Riverside Drive to Adams. I thought it was strange  a buses  would  have  a police escort? Then I remembered pictures I saw earlier today on a Facebook page. The picture was 4 buses very similar to the ones I saw in Austin Texas parked in line on a side street a couple blocks  from a protest.

They started protest in Memphis  TN  last night. Another  friend saw the same  thing  in Little  Rock  Arkansas yesterday.
To the entire Breitbart family, thank you!

You, like Donald Trump, took them all on -- The media, political parties, the establishment bottom feeders, and even individuals defending their turf. And you beat them.

Most of us did what little we could do, and we voted.  I think I speak for millions thanking you for being all in for us!
I love and depend on getting my news at Breitbart News website.  But your website has become so hard to visit will all the pop ups and intrusions -- it makes it impossible to read a complete article without having to leave the site with frustration.  I usually go to Breitbart straight from the Drudge Report.  Hopefully, you'll start including more from the articles here on FB where I can read them.  I've been building websites since 1995 and watched numerous "great sites" end up losing the majority of their audience because of their choice to use a design that's not user friendly.  I understand you've had record hits on Breitbart dot com -- but I'll betcha... if you take a survey you'll discover "the hits" are not resulting in "readers."
He won, yet son many followers are still in hate mode. Still buying into conspiracy theories that these protesters do not have minds of their own and are paid to protest. Obviously none of you were around in the sixties when there were race riots not peaceful demonstrations. Deal with the fact that these protesters simply to bit like your President elect. It's within their Constitutional rights.
"There is no equivalent urge to large-scale political violence on the Right."
I'm sure you guys are already on this, but if not, please investigate the numbers of illegal/fraudulent votes that were cast in this election.  I'm betting Clinton doesn't really have the popular vote either!
Ceci est partager en masse par les jeunes Franais 


ARE THERE ANY CIRCUMSTANCES AT ALL IN WHICH I WOULD EVER ENTERTAIN RETURNING TO MY BELOVED NATIVE HOMELAND OF GUATEMALA ?.............F**K  NO!
Milo Yiannopoulos, Gays for Trump, Breitbart News, Blogger und Superbsewicht des Internets
PUTIN PROTECTS AMERICA - PUTS HIT ON SOROS
George Soros' home in New York has just been discovered by bounty hunters responding to the DEAD OR ALIVE warrant Russian president Putin issued this week for the capture of billionnaire George Soros. Like millions in America, Russians claim to have first hand experience with Soros funded political manipulations and cheating. Reportedly, Putin was outraged as he watched Soros funded demonstrations growing, hired protesters bused in, paid race baiters and Soros controlled entities like NBC, BLM and Move On, try to incite violence and civil chaos, while co-conspirators signaled their approval with their silence. Despite media propaganda to the contrary, Putin claims to care about the American people and wants to strengthen relations between America and Russia. He reportedly realized Soros' goal might be to force America to seek U.N. 'oversight' to quell the orchestrated 'civil unrest'. If this happened, election results might be rendered meaningless. America would be controlled by an elite few with Open Borders. There is concern among some as to America's ability to respond if Soros did manage to simultaneously enflame groups like illegals or American muslims, because strangely, while American military size has been drastically reduced, dozens of armed muslim training camps have been allowed to expand across America, and Obama recently signed an executive order giving the U.N. the right to take over America, actually bear arms against American citizens, for 'civil unrest', apparently even if engineered by the office of the presidency. This prompted Putin to ask the CIA what the shipment of $140 million in firearms, due to arrive this week in America, was for.  And, he stepped forward and issued a warrant for the arrest of Soros - DEAD OR ALIVE.

http://virtualglobetrotting.com/map/george-soros-house/view/google/
#
Democrats are all of a sudden starting with this We  must come together bullshit..I dont want to come together with any liberals, socialist, communist, Satanists or other American hating leftist.I dont need any kumbaya moment with any of them       thats why people have locks on their doors and windowsgo have your kumbaya moment by yourself
White Trump girl attacked ; 
Facebook is blocking your site. Fox News and Donald Trump on my Facebook.  Is anyone else having this problem ?
By Paul Murphy.

....Malik, in his From Fatwa to Jihad, says he was once an active member of the Socialist Workers Party....

If racial science is a truly 19th century phenomenon, 
and modern (industrial) capitalism also largely began in the 19th century, 
then we can forge a tight link between capitalism and racism (as many Marxists, as well as Malik, have done). 

... summed-up in a often-quoted phrase spoken by Malcolm X. Thus: 'You cannot have capitalism without racism.'... The problem is that you must accept a hell of a lot of Marxist theory before you can accept that non-scientific racism (as it were) is simply prejudice. One must also have read a lot of Marxist theory in order to believe that racism can only be scientific...

.... The vast majority of times I've heard that, say, 'Blacks can't be racist, only prejudiced', it's never explained why that's the case. It's simply stated as some kind of diktat. Of course semantically the words racism and prejudice are different and I'm not arguing that they're the same. The Marxist idea, however, is something different and something extremely theoretical. It usually goes along the lines of the idea that prejudice alongside political and economic power is  or can be - racism; without it, it's mere 'prejudice'. Thus, when a black man says that he 'hates honkies', or even when he says that 'whites are evil and subhuman' (sometimes heard from the Black Panthers, the Nation of Islam, etc.), that, according to Marxists, isn't racism. It isn't racism because Marxists must literally believe that all blacks lack political and economic power. (In their eyes, even the blacks who do have economic and/or political power... don't.)...

[Click link for more details on this.]


Here are your Trump-Pence Transition Team Executive Committee Members...
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2016/11/how-reagan-dealt-with-sniveling-left-wing-punks-disrupting-civil-order-in-berkeley?utm_source=lwcfb&utm_campaign=lwclinking&utm_medium=social&utm_content=111116reaganmalkin
sadly breitbart will be going offline soon as i plan to implement a massive ddos campaign to shut down its servers.  Merry fucking christmas
I am tired of all the mainstream media sites and news channels continuing to focus more on the hate groups and distraught kids... I think we need stage a media protest against them.. how hard would it be to get the word out that we are going to have a 24 hour media blackout in which we commit to not visit or comment on any media pages for 24 hours (except for Breitbart of course!) as well as commit to not turn on any news channels on our tv's until the media agrees to back down on all the negative and hateful coverage? That's about the only thing I can think of to get them to wake up to the fact that we don't want that crap covered.... we want to see the celebrations, we want to see those people who have come together in unity, and we want them to show the Trump supporters who are normal, kind, friends and neighbors who do not hate anyone.
WATCH - Heartbreaking vid by Mom who kicks son out from home because,Son vote Trump during a mock election in school. 
share and bring this story up ! hate crimes against own kids. 
#momhateson4trump
Poisoned coffee on the day of the debate???
You the dumbest page of seen
Did we miss your pick?
MARTIN AMIS ....is the picture of why Britain is a country that has stopped functioning.  A country that has sunk into the abyss of political correctness. And stupidity......And he also looks like he is dying.
"WHITE VOTES MATTER" WVM.
JUST IN...
http://www.taraross.com/2016/11/what-to-make-of-change-orgs-faithless-elector-petition/
At what point does the Media start calling him president elect Trump? ?Was watching CNN an they are still calling him Donald Trump. Time to get with the program let's call it out spread the word. Ty.
When the hell is President Obama going to do something to stop the violence from these protests?
I SEEN HER IN ACTION AT THE PLAYER'S  CHOICE-  TURNED ALL THE LOVEMEN INTO DOUGHNUT BOYS
BAM!
My wife told me they sent out a letter telling the students that grief counselors were available for students grieving the Killary loss, Seriously? Where were the grief counselors when Romney lost? Oh that's right he was a conservative and they can deal with it.  I'm quite sure if Trump had lost it would be crickets on the counselor front. Now that I think of it I still need a counselor to help me get over Obama. #SuckItUpButtercup
Breitbart, what say you?  Please respond...


http://usdefensewatch.com/2016/11/an-open-letter-to-americas-college-cupcakes-on-veterans-day/
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL I EVER RETURN TO MY NATIVE GUATEMALA!
If there's one thing Americans have learned this presidential election, it's that Leftists are masters of manufacturing hoax outrages.
Schade dass es euch nicht in Deutschland gibt.
https://www.change.org/p/president-trump-president-trump-must-pardon-whistleblower-bradley-chelsea-manning?recruiter=55508707&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=share_for_starters_page&utm_term=mob-xs-share_petition-no_msg
Democrat rioters are proving just how right America was to elect the Law & Order candidate.
Trump should tweet Obama, "Why are you not doing anything to stop the violence that is destroying property and threatening harm to persons?"  Put this on him.  It IS his ultimate charge to protect the public.
What clinton supporters look like when they have a meltdown. 
More bad news for demoralized Democrats...and from the Clinton News Network, no less! 

"See all that red? America IS a center-right country." 

WATCH:
espn can kiss my ass
if the espn wants to bocott trump...they all can kiss my ass
can they really overturn Trumps election?
WOW.

"Theyre not racists." 

WATCH:
Honosfamaphobia: Latin roots; Definition: The fear of Public opinion, Public Office, Tradional Family Values, honor, and dignity of others, with different personal, Religious, and family beliefs.
Example: RIOTING millennials are honosfamaphobic.
#HFP
You know your party is in trouble when Beyonce is your strategy.
The one racist outlet guaranteed to put out more hate-fiction than FOX Faux News!  No thanks.  You've done enough to hold America back!
show you ss uniform
Politics!!!! Come on Real Donald Trump! This is a slap in the face to us!
Folks, I encourage you to tweet the President- Elect and all the news organizations to make sure this doesn't happen.
Fox News CNN Breitbart Newsmax Newsmax Prime Tomi Lahren TheBlaze Andrew Wilkow/The Wilkow Majority Dana Loesch Judge Jeanine Pirro American Military News American Legacy Center Donald J. Trump Donald J. Trump for President Mike Pence MikePence Herman Cain Dr. Ben Carson Newt Gingrich Trey Gowdy Jason Chaffetz Kellyanne Conway Bret Baier Fox & Friends Fox Business Jake Tapper
Please help identify these parents and protect these children
https://www.facebook.com/MichelleObamaFor2020President/videos/1813558788920713/
Thank you Breibart for being the only credible news source left
FACT-CHECK:
So did we lose Bannon to Trump????  Have to let it slide..lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW0gf9492u4
Memorize this phrase: You know you're on the right side of history when the people who oppose you are burning American flags.
Order yours here 18.99 free shipping hand made by myself a mommy of 3 and wife of a Veteran! Let's drain that swamp!! 
http://money.cnn.com/2016/11/11/investing/warren-buffett-donald-trump-stock/index.html
AMERICA HUNTING SOROS - DEAD OR ALIVE
George Soros' home in New York has just been discovered by bounty hunters responding to the  DEAD OR ALIVE warrant Russian president Putin issued this week for the capture of billionnaire George Soros. Like millions in America, Russians claim to have first hand experience with Soros funded political manipulations and cheating. Reportedly, as  Putin watched Soros funded demonstrations growing, paid protesters being bused in, bought off race baiters fan the flames, and Soros controlled entities like NBC, BLM and Move On try to incite violence, while co-conspirators signaled their approval with their silence, he'd had enough. Despite media propaganda to the contrary, he really does care about the American people and wants to strengthen relations between America and Russia. He realized Soros' goal might be to force America to seek U.N. assistance to quell the orchestrated 'civil unrest'. He realized when this happened, the election had meant nothing. America would be controlled by an elite few with Open Borders. Putin also realized it might be needed if Soros could enflame groups like illegals or American muslims because strangely the size of the American military has been drastically reduced, there are dozens of armed muslim training camps across America, and Obama had just signed an executive order giving the U.N. the right to take over America, actually bear arms against American citizens, for 'civil unrest', apparently even when engineered by the office of the presidency. This prompted Putin to ask the CIA what the shipment of $140 million in firearms, due to arrive this week in America, was for.  And, he stepped forward and issued a warrant for the arrest of Soros - DEAD OR ALIVE.

http://virtualglobetrotting.com/map/george-soros-house/view/google/

#
Someone should tell California that if they leave the Union they are going to have to find their own currency as they cannot use the US dollar as their currency; that they will need their own military as they cannot depend on the US Military or national guard or FBI or the AG, the Supreme court or the Constitution, they have left those behind. The Federal assistance ends and any debts owed to the US Government would need to be repaid at once. Disaster relief would not be available and given they live in an earth quake zone that is something to consider. I suspect that its going to cost them more than they can afford to leave and if Californians are asked this and if they would be ready to leave all this behind I suspect they would say no. It would be nice if someone would just say this to them now to shut them up so we do not have to listen to it from main stream media anymore!
Illegal aliens have already begun to flee the country, according to one report, while 1.4 million who signed up for Obamas executive amnesty may be the first ones to be removed from the United States...
Where's an article talking about Donald Trump telling the WSJ that he might keep some of Obamacare?
Check what Occupy Wall Street is planing. The insanity...
https://www.facebook.com/events/179452022515003/?ti=icl
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-11/real-lesson-america-grubhub-stock-plunges-after-ceo-tells-trump-supporters-resign
white men
Facebook will not let me click on any of your stuff... I've noticed it with other pages that share the same views... If you can't beat them, censor them I guess...
I really would like to read and enjoy your newsletter on the web. However, your web site is the worst of any I visit it takes 2 to 4 the times the other sites take. It takes so long to download I get frustrated and givens by up. For example, in the time it takes for your newsletter to download I could read 2 articles on HotAir or Townhall.

Please help your fans by replacing your web administrator with somwone who knows what the hell they are doing.
Well, Breitbart, it's official...I'm with you. I've looked at mainstream media for the last time. I cannot tolerate the lack of respect & support of a man that was elected president of this country.
what in your opinion is a possibility thru your experince that obama would use the violence these libtards are doing since President elect trumps win to push for some sorta martial law or anything to prevent /block trump taking over jan 20. I found after both the clintons / obamas hate towards trump being so high and disgusting . that they just played nice conceeding and invitation to the whitw house with smiles and kindness. I dont buy it! Something has my spidy scences up. Esp with such a increase if violence by the left pushed by george soros.  Also what does it take to implement martial law! What is the military serving/retired loyalties to whatbis right. Also i keep hearing about obama pardoning clinton. I am no lawyer but in my thoughts dont ya have to be convicted of a crime before ya can be pardoned for that crime. I mean they debate and say obama has that power to pardon never questioned that however  clinton isnt charged let alone convicted yet so where in heck would a pardon even be relevant. I also wonder the consideration of a pardon for clinton by obama that would mean he has to admit she is guilty! I also have another concern a vote of the electoral college in dec . Can he lose the presidency over a coup in the vote? Even if they did bail on the vote for trump doesnt it have to go to the congress for approval? And since the (R) control that why would they shoot themselves in the foot and not vote against a coup of the electora voting against trump therefore ending the historic win of 2016 getting the whitehouse senate house and chance to secure scotus for years to come. By voting for a rouque electoral vote agaisnt trump in dec they hand the whitehouse back to the democrats. I cant imagine they would allow that? I know ramblings but you have access to great people with great knowlege be awsome to know some
Of these concerns
People who are violent about Trump's win have not watched him speak at rallies.  He always talked about love, not hate.
Mallory Shay Powell this is a reliable news source 
THE SONG OF THE "TRUMP" ELECTION - Smokey And The Bandit Theme (East Bound And Down "Were going to do what they say Can't be Done)! by Jerry Reed 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3925186/High-school-student-attacked-school-yard-posting-support-Trump-Instagram.html?ito=social-facebook
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=do7BdnKjM78
Thank a veteran today.
So...
Christopher X Page is SUCH a BUTT HURT SORE LOSER of a SNOWFLAKE he is planning on committing VOTER and ELECTORATE FRAUD to get KILLary elected !!!
He ILLEGALLY obtained the names of the Electoral College members and is willing to SHARE those names with TRAITORS !!!
I am asking ALL of my PATRIOT friends to SHARE this with every law enforcement agency you know !!!
I AM !!!
President-elect Donald Trump offered condolences to the family of slain NYPD Sgt. Paul Tuozzolo on Thursday, speaking to the officers widow.
Can you give us some insight on the petition the crybabies are putting together, to get our President Elect out?  What actually would need to happen? Because this is pathetic. The media should be fined for promoting such behavior.. and any news anchors should be suspended for attacking our President Elect!
This quote from my niece's 18yo, EX boyfriend, sums the problem with this country. "I don't want to work. I don't see no need in it."
Please don't go on your well deserved vacation without doing a piece on Breitbart and The Drudge Report and other "Dark Enlightenment". The world needs to know (that yes, the USA too, have a Nazi-Problem). Over here that means way much more. Sincerely. Andrew Breitbarts counterpart in Germany has to be Jrgen Elssser (but alive). You're welcome (in case you didn't know already). And one more for free: The "philosopher" behind that guy is Gtz Kubitschek. - I hope that there is enough space left in your "red letter box"... cheers! ;)
Bannon is a catholiban
You are TOTALLY going to want to buy New Balance sneakers after this...
I was called 'Doc' in my platoon and would be there for anyone when they needed me. Now, strangely, I am the one who needs some help. I just published my first book, BONES ONE ZERO, available on Amazon, about my tour in Iraq as a Flight Medic. My book was written for my fellow Americans to see the bravery of the Air Medevac crews and the Warriors we went after. It is an entertaining read and a story that deserves to be told. I wanted to show everyone the highs, lows, and shenanigans that happen with every mission downrange. I need the Breitbart nation to spread the word and help this combat vet out. DUSTOFF!
Your thoughts please?

There is pretty big change.org petition to the Electoral College to encourage them to not back Trump when they meet in December.  Last I looked, it had over a million signatures.  Just an fyi. I don't know what good it would do, but they libturds backing it seem to think that they can get Hillary in office using this method.
JAYZEE......"Mah guh-lookin'  woman be white ???  Huh? Duh?"
catholic Nazichrist scum. Klerikalfaschisten Abschaum
"Everything I am or will ever be I owe to God and the soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines of the U.S. Armed Forces who fought and died to liberate me." 

#VeteransDay
He promised...
Here's how the president of Southern Methodist University honored Veteran's Day: 

November 11, 2016

Today we celebrate the commitment and sacrifice of the millions of American citizens who have served in our military to protect the freedoms that we enjoy as Americans.  At a luncheon today, we are honoring all veterans, but we are particularly saluting the 160 current SMU students who have served in the military as well as many veterans among our faculty and staff. 

Those who defend our freedoms come from every walk of life and in many ways represent the breadth of races and heritages that make up the citizenry of this country. SMU was founded on the principles that all humans are equal in the eyes of God and should have equal standing before the law.  These principles are reflected in our ongoing efforts to provide an SMU environment that is accepting and supportive of the goals and aspirations of every student and all other members of our community. 

Over the past months, many of us on campus have expressed our concern about the level of incivility and divisiveness expressed in some of the rhetoric of the Presidential campaign.  Whatever ones preference in the election, the peaceful transfer of power, one of the hallmarks of our democracy first exemplified by George Washington, is now under way.  The change in the tone of the rhetoric since the election hopefully will carry over into the coming weeks.

The unexpected outcome of the election miscast by every major poll and, therefore, every major news report, provided no opportunity to assimilate the possibility of what emerged.   Therefore, its not surprising that demonstrations have followed out of surprise and unpreparedness as well as from objection to the outcome.  As long as these protests remain peaceful, they are clearly in the tradition of the freedoms provided under the rule of law.  

As the three branches of government, wisely established by our countrys founders, sort through possible proposals for new legislation or action, the University community must continue to have the opportunity to discuss implications of both the election and proposals that might follow.  We should all be proud of living in an environment in which differing opinions can be openly discussed while maintaining the absolute commitment that the University will be supportive of all members of our community.  No outcome of this election in any way justifies hostile action directed toward any member of our community, nor should any member of the SMU community feel unsafe.  Support services available from staff in Student Affairs and the SMU Police Department stand ready to aid any student needing assistance.  All Mustangs are valued. 

In times of the transfer of control of the White House between political parties, after assimilating the disappointment and frustration, the losing party and voters have always begun the planning and organization to regain lost leadership positions.  Across the coming months, this, too, will happen following this 2016 election.  In the meantime, our communications and actions, even in a time of high emotion, must reflect the security, equality and value of every member of our community.  This approach is, in fact, the deepest meaning of our appreciation for the service of veterans we salute today. 

R. Gerald Turner
President
SMU
I just found this page. Has anybody ever figured out if the death of the corner in Los Angeles Michael Cormier had anything to do with this death of Andrew. I knew Michael Cormier briefly and really doubt whether you would have killed himself but he did have a big mouth
I am not American nor do I live in America. But well done America for Trump's victory, well done. I will follow Trump's progress with interest.
Dear Democrats,
Please, PLEASE keep up your trashing of the 60,000,000 Deplorables who elected President-Elect Donald Trump. With every smug, arrogant, elitist, hyperbolic swipe you take, you further confirm why We the People rejected you in the first place. So please, keep it up!   Sincerely, The Deplorables
Thank you Andrew.
Read about the right-wing news site Breitbart, once headed by Trump campaign Chairman Steve Bannon, whom CNN suggests could be the new White House chief of staff.
American Voters: We want Dr. Ben Carson and Rudy Giuliani to serve in the Trump White House!
The only thing that surprised me on election night was that Hillary Clinton got ANY votes at all.  Any!.....How could people be that stupid?......God bless Donald Trump.
So why haven't we seen a article on the movie stars that are moving....you should do a follow up and ask when are they leaving ... 
https://conservativedailypost.com/breaking-maryland-refusing-electoral-college-hillary-given-presidency-as-more-states-follow/?utm_source=Facebook&utm_campaign=Martin&utm_medium=LH
"...I ached in the places that make me a woman...."
FREE JULIAN ASSANGE!......FREE JULIAN ASSANGE!
Anti Trump riots ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oakCWsVDDY&feature=em-uploademail
Copied from another patriot: there has been a petition on change.org to try and influence the electoral college to vote clinton into office when they affirm their votes on Dec.19.........I started a similar one to affirm Donald J. Trump, please visit the site and sign if you agree.......https://www.change.org/p/electoral-collage-electors-elect-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states?recruiter=565571384&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=share_for_starters_page&utm_term=des-sm-no_src-no_msg
Request: please avoid using the term liberal when referring to leftists, anarchists, progressives, communists, etc. Let's stop subverting the original definition of liberal: open-minded. The young students protesting Trump's election are in no way tolerant or open-minded. Thanks! Love your work!
'Clinton Cash' Author: You Cant Say 'She Gets a Free Pass Because She Lost'
The GOP now has control. If the USA  goes down during the Trump administration, it will be on them. However, IF things go great the GOP will never lose another election!!!  GIT-ER DONE
Congratulations Breitbart on getting the story right and for advancing an intelligent and inclusive alternative to socialism and globalism.
"We have to give him a chance."
My little protest will be to avoid main stream media. No open discussions there! I'll tape tv programs thus avoiding their news and advertising. Win..Win.
Black Thug Threatens to Kill Donald Trump - And Ready to Die and Go to Hell - You, your wife and your daughter are dead b**ch, the masked man said while pointing guns at the camera. Look me in my eyes b**ch, Im serious, the thug continued. You are dead b**ch. You are f***ing dead m****rf***er. Memo - "After this election all hell will break lose from the opposition and both Clinton and Trump will be both in serious danger of assassination Because as I am writing this article, plans are made by infected militia groups to do so! But I'm not sure how far I should go in divulging the divine." God Help America!" Read and share pls 
In memory of a true cultural warrior.  Your foresight in seeing how culture melds with politics was groundbreaking for conservatives.  This win is as much yours as anyone.
Ever use Grubhub? 

Yeah, well, you won't be making that mistake again...
JAYZEE......."My woman white???"...........DUH!
We present you Official MiniMe Trump 3D Doll. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you President Trump services for the American People.
So, why doesn't Breitbart have its own TV channel? Go for it!
Kenya's first Baby Donald Trump! 

I love people who speak the truth without any fears, Otiendo said. Most politicians are not sincere like him."
Thank you Breitbart!
BREAKING: Just in , Queen Killary ,is going to be a stay at home ,gran-Ma (on visiting days)
Has anybody checked the supermarkets lately I bet there`s not a package of diapers left on the shelves!
Liberals thought their week could not get any worse. 

It just did...
Boot Hill Bandits #ThankYou #Veterans #GodBless
https://youtu.be/a7q5L8Hwv-g
#24Notes
PROOF the EXPERTS have always been clueless...

https://www.facebook.com/OverpassesForAmerica2/videos/1104282646277734/
As conservatives, we decry the Establishment Media's lies. But YOU are the solution. Every time you spread the messages we publish here, you are swinging your digital sledgehammer into the Establishment Media's crumbling fortress. This is serious stuff we're doing together, gang. And the numbers below prove just HOW serious it is. Congratulations, thank you, and keep being the awesome Deplorables you are!
I AM SO TIRED OF HEARING THOSE FROM THE LEFT saying they are scared regarding all the hate from the right that culminates with the election of Trump. I might point to the fact that it is the left that riot in the streets hurting people and doing property damage just because they did not get their way. The right did not do that when Obama was elected -- twice. So where is the hate coming from??? The left does not even give our new President a chance to prove himself. He is not even in the White House and they scream and jump up and down and hold their breath like a recalcitrant child. I did not vote for Obama the first time, but when the election was done I hoped he would be a good and maybe great President. The left does not seem to want to extend the same courtesy. The left lost and maybe it is because the American people have been witness to their childish behavior once too many times. What is going on now in the streets is just one of the reasons why Trump won the election. The left needs to grow up and understand they dont always get what they want.  My advice to them is to toughen up buttercups. You dont need safe places but rather you need to learn to deal with life like an adult and learn you are not the center of the World.  You need to realize there are people who do not agree with you and that is their right. You have a right to protest, but you do not have a right to hurt people and destroy property. America is much better than what you seem to think it is and you should be thankful that you are in this country where you can peacefully protest. Stop listening to the left wing media who pander to your unfounded fears. Conservatives are not the boogieman to run from and cry. Stop and listen to what others you do not agree with say. Maybe you will learn something and have more understanding of the real spirit of America.  We are Americans first and after that fall into political groups.  Today is Veterans Day and many of them gave their lives so you can be free and have a voice. They did not die so you can harm your fellow Americans because you are scared or didnt get your way.
I'm getting tired of being tolerant of the spoiled brat bullying from the left. A day of mourning after the election is understood. They were lied to constantly by the dishonest MSM and Clinton smear machine to the point of brainwashing (including polls). Their party leadership fostered an Alinsky culture of "useful idiot" brown shirt intolerance. But the excuses for their childish, misguided and violent behaviors after not winning in a rigged democratic election that favored them (MSM bias, establishment assault, demographics, democrat cheating, voter fraud and $1b in negative ads) is getting old.
Now that all States are counted has the popular. It's also gone to President Elect Trump? Please keep us posted.
I have a question to ask. The msm have fueled the fires of the rioters by leading these addlebrained rioters to believe that we do not have an ELECTION but now we have a SELECTION- the MSM is highly responsible for not reminding these idiots that in an election there is a winner and a loser- So can WE THE PEOPLE file a massive CIVIL LAW SUIT AGAINST MSM for misleading them and putting america in the cross hairs of the rioting- looting-burning? Would we have a case? I want the msm to pay for their stupid mistakes and how they did not do their proper jobs. Do you think there might be a case? (The newspapers-the magazines- the tv news stations - even npr for goodness sakes- they all led & Lied to EVERYONE to believe that hillary was the winner and there was NO choice- they are responsible for these riots- what do you think? I want the corporations who own the tv stations-the radio stations the newspapers and even magazines to pay for their lying and the fact that not only did they NOT do their jobs they have HARMED PEOPLE by their lies and biased reporting. Am I way off base? Is there any chance of this or am I just crazy? I would like a lawyer or two to chime in and tell me if I am just way off base and what a crazy notion I have- thanks in advance.
http://www.infowars.com/video-high-school-girl-viciously-attacked-for-supporting-donald-trump/
Mexican Billionaire Carlos Slim is the single largest shareholder in the New York Times. 

And Tuesday's presidential election results were, well, costly...
https://www.change.org/p/electoral-college-electors-support-america-we-won-t-bow-to-the-intolerant-left-trump-is-the-president-elect?recruiter=93022812&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=share_for_starters_page&utm_term=mob-xs-no_src-no_msg
I called this ad it's real and there are more I found on Craigslist in Los Angeles, it's not real, it's all paid for by the democrats.

Feel like rioting...? #TrumpTrain
$15-22Hr. https://seattle.craigslist.org/see/npo/5869093530.html
https://www.facebook.com/AnswerCoalition/
Fight the Trump Agenda! We're hiring Full-Time Activists!
Washington CAN! is our state's oldest and largest Grassroots Non-Profit. We've been organizing and winning on the local and national level for over 35 years on issues such as Racial, Social, and...
SEATTLE.CRAIGSLIST.ORG
Why are you people not doing a story on the fact that the riots are not real it's being paid for? We need to let people know we're on to them, I called the number and they are planning on doing them on a long term basis, they offered me a job to be a protester! I have the ads on my facebook page for a few but I'm sure there's more for you to find.
TO ALL OUR BRAVE VETERANS ON THIS DAY WE TAKE TIME TO THANK YOU FOR OUR FREEDOM!  
JUST REMEMBER MOST OF AMERICA IN THE MIDDLE , WE DONT BUY ALL THE LEFTS CRAP, AND WE DONT BUY ALL YOUR CRAP
"Maybe its time to consider whether theres something about shrill self-righteousness, shouted from a position of high social status, that turns people away."
November 11, 2016
     I am seeking people in each of the fifty states willing to organize the people of their state and petition their legislature to pass a law that would effectively protect the people from Government of said state and the Constitution for the United States of America as well as the Constitution of the state in question.
Suggestion of such law:
      We the people of the state of ( ? name of State ) hereby demand the full benefits provided by the Constitution for the united States of America and all protections of law within, and to insure these demands are met for us and our Prosperity, We demand the legislature quickly pass the following legislation in legal language to accomplish the desired effect.
     Section 1- As applied to all elected and appointed public servants at all levels of State, County, City and Townships, any elected or appointed public servant or employee and or employees that for any reason whatsoever deny or attempts to deny any member of the public, their Constitutional rights and or protections of the Constitution for the united States of America and or their rights under the Constitution of the State of (?name of State) shall by law forfeit all rights and protections afforded them by the Constitution for the United States of America and those provided by the State (name state) for a period of not less than ten calendar years, be fined not less than ten thousand dollars, and forfeit all monies due them, or thought due to them from any and all members of the general public, nor shall they for life serve in any office of public trust.
     Section 2-As applied to all law Enforcement  Personnel to include all Judges, Prosecutors, Police Officers, Sheriffs departments and all personnel therein, same penalties as in section 1, however extended to all witnesses who failed to report or take whatever action within the power of their oath to prevent any violations of the public members rights.
     Section3-Supreme Court Justices, any act by a Supreme Court Justice not in Pursuance with the Constitutional order of making laws shall be considered an act of treason against the United States and an immediate warrant shall be issued for the arrest of said justice and held over for trial for said crimes against the people, of this state (? Name state).
     Article six of the Constitution for the United States of America demands of and by law, that each of the afore mentioned public servants be bound by an oath or (affirmation) to the Constitution for the United States of America.
     The reason such laws are needed in each of the fifty States is because for the last one hundred and fifty years the so called honorable servants of the people have been violating their oath, and have done so with complete impunity, inflicting incalculable damage to our country, and the people of this country, these people must be forced to do their duty.
     They cannot be allowed to continue operating as a criminal fraudulent form of Government, all people must obey the law and all people must be punishable by the law when they fail to obey , or refuse to obey the law or there can be no justice in and of the law.
 Please help by hitting like and share this message.
                                                                       Paul R. Templeton
put your state in
send to webmaster for congress
paste to your wall
Where's the spineless one (king Obama ) ,he's quick to grab the air waves ,when he wants to look down his nose at us and TELL us, who we are and we are not , where is he now. I think ,we the people ,deserve and demand a speech from him, for 8 years he has divided us into little boxes and has everyone against something or another ,just as long as it suits his near communist agenda !!
Where did this go wrong for the Democrats?
It was an animal, the Black Swan, and along with that, the pollsters and media are clearly to blame. They raised the expectation bar very high only to have it fail miserably. Its the bicycle you were certain Santa was going to bring you, only to get coal. Let us lift the hood and take a slightly deeper look as to why. Early in the election cycle, odds makers had Trump 9-1; by election eve, he was 3-1. Election eve, she was ahead in nearly every battleground state. The models were wrong. Having been on Wall Street 35 years, I can assure you that the interpretation of what the models yield is rarely done correctly, as the inputs are easily skewed and other mitigating factors are left out. Models do have a useful purpose though. In this case, good or bad, he dominated social media in the mentions; he dominated the news cycles. His name became ubiquitous. Not all these were considered in MOST models. In addition, the rally turnouts were not considered either-- Kaine draws 15 and 30 people, while Pence draws multiple thousands. Trump out drew her in attendance-- by yuge numbersand lines stretched. Did anyone considered these mitigating, important factors? Even with big entertainment names, she never caught the enthusiasm factor-- and that was not calculated in these said models. They were ignored, as it didnt fit their hopesself deception. These factors are not easy to quantify. A model's predictive abilities, notwithstanding interpretation, are contingent on variables and their inputs. When people place too much faith in flawed data inherent in most models, and coupled with media presenting steroid-laced expectations, one can be lulled into complacency; it happened to the candidates as well. The expectations among most were high, in fact, too high. We are seeing the effect of the shock and letdown. This is a Black Swan. A Black Swan is an unexpected, rare occurrence, akin to believing that nothing can go wrong, a surprise having a major effect, a rare event that just could not happen. It did at about 2:31 am on November 9... 
#election #blackswan #models #data #selfdeception #clinton #trump #hillaryclinton #trump2016
MICHAEL MOORE.....why  are you still using Lady Clairol?  Is that the proper behavior of an avant garde true blue radical progressive?
"The Coalition of African American Pastors launched a sustained campaign to persuade black voters to stop letting themselves be used by the failed policies and empty promises of Democratic politicians. It is clear that this is a message that resonated with many voters and helped make Mr. Trump our next president."
Happy Veterans Day everyone.  I turned the TV on this morning and Lee Greenwood was on singing his song God Bless The USA.  I got a big lump in my throat and I actually stood up while he was singing, especially when he came to the words in the song I'm proud to be an American.  Perhaps they will play this song at the inaugration of President Elect Trump.
Rumors swirling that these anti-Trump animals are planning on disrupting Veterans Day parades around the country today....If so, let's hope they paid their Obamacare premiums...
I live in a predominantly poor town in the 4 corners of New Mexico a blue state. Indians, hispanic, white and black in that order. Coal mines, Gas fields and Oil fields. Jobs are popping up slowly but it's all retail or food. It's all chains. It's all minimum wage and part time. I am an oil field & coal energy plant truck driver. My youngest child is in middle school 8th grade. There was an election in her school the kids picked Trump. The assistant principal how ever is angry and had a few words for me during a special ed meeting for my child. I was kinda shocked. I was really hurt. I obviously teach many child right from wrong. These people are not even bothering her. I'm bothered for her because I'm her mom. That was not the time or the place for a political debate. That was about my kids future in school not her selfish agenda. I stand my ground though. I am happy that I had a voice this time. So I thank your show for helping me learn thru this election process.
Throughout the entire campaign and the days following the election, I ignored the hate posts flooding social media and mass media made by friends, family, colleagues and respected public figures. I didn't engage when attacked personally for being a republican, when questioned about my integrity, when asked how I could consider myself a good person and a good parent, when told that people like me are what's wrong with America.
I can be silent no longerconsider this post my official break. What pushed me over the edge is what a teacher said at my daughter's school. To her class, the teacher said, "I'm shocked by the election. Donald Trump is an evil man, he is stupid, he is an idiot, I don't know how anyone could vote for him." Students chimed in, sharing the teacher's sentiment with increasing exuberance. My seven-year-old daughter bravely raised her hand and spoke up, "What you said was offensive. My parents voted for him and I think he'll be a great president."
You think you know me because I voted for Donald Trump or because I am a republican. You think that gives you the right to call me an idiot, attack me personally and throw insults at me. You don't know anything about me. I support capitalism, free markets, gay marriage, a woman's right to choose, right to die, school choice, teachers, military, police, Israel, equal rights, the arts and much more. I'm sympathetic to the plights of refugees, poor, displaced, disabled, homeless, jobless, single mothers, single fathers, families and to everyone who struggles and hurts and wants something better for themselves, their family, their country or whatever or whoever else is important to them. I don't care which toilet you pee in, who you marry, which box you tick under gender, if you're religious and what religion that is, your political party, your union, the number of cats you have, where you work or what you do with every breath as long as what you do with those breaths doesn't infringe upon my freedom or the freedom of others. I'm a patriot and eagerly welcome everyone who equally loves America, wants to join 'the land of opportunity' and who will, upon entering, treat their new freedoms as precious and fight to protect them. I will not apologise or be made to feel guilty because I have a comfortable standard of livingI've earned it through hard-work, sweat and persistence. I have no tolerance for hypocrisy. I demand truth and honesty. I want government out of my life and out of my pocket. I give generously of my time and money to charities and other non-profit organisations. Do these beliefs and values I cherish make me a good person? Damn right they do, but I'm not satisfied with good, I want great, so my heart and mind remain open and I challenge my assumptions and myself every day.
If another person asks me how I can look at my children's faces after learning the result of the election or how I can consider myself a good parent because I'm a republican, you'll see anger you've never seen. I'm a good parent because I teach my children to be curious, compassionate, grateful, honest and motivated. We travel, we learn about different cultures, we learn about different religions, we talk about history, we help our neighbours, we raise money for charity (often it's my daughters who have the idea and choose the charity) and we live with purpose. They're the extra credit sort of kidsnot to get praise from their teachers (although that helps), but because they can do it and they figure, why not do more if they can. Excellence is a source of pride. I'm sure I will screw up my daughters somehow, but I'm not teaching them hate, discrimination, ignorance or laziness. Those who attack me personally are teaching their children those values. How do I know I'm a good parent? My daughter had enough confidence to stand up to her teacher.
For those who are unhappy with the election result, protest, write articles, try to overthrow the electors of the electoral college, sign petitions to secede, move to Canada, do whatever you want, it is your right and I encourage you to participate, but don't attack me or my children. Be better than that. At the very least, have a better argument than you're an idiot, you're a bad person, you're a bad parent. Show some respect. I've earned it.
President-Elect Donald Trump sent these 3 tweets that will make you proud...
CNN camera man caught staging himself as a Trump protester. You still think the media reports actual news? This is why people call CNN the Clinton News Network! Good for Don Lemming of CNN to call him out!


Hitting the ground running...
https://conservativedailypost.com/breaking-democrats-submitted-measure-minutes-ago-that-could-steal-presidency-from-trump/
#VeteransDay
Gee, ya think?

#BasketOfDeplorables
ODE TO A SNOWFLAKE

O, fragile creature!
Scurry, scamper, flutter into the night
With feigned outrage
With little life struggle (and safe cozy huddles)
Gather up, up up! Your self-righteous yet timid might!

Weaned on the web,
The Universe in your hand
Wrapped up, trapped in your zombie-like cell
Trophies for simply playing!
Well, Im simply saying
one day, growing up will be Hell

Rise up, you hapless Victims of Perception!
Rise! Do as you are told!
Force-fed thoughts from another
(not your father or mother)
Indignant entitlement; oh, so bold!

Cry out! Cry loud! Wail in dismay!
Waaaahh! Waaahhh!! Wwaaaaahahahhhhhhh!!! We didnt get our wayyyy!

One day
Once youve traveled and learned
From lifes battles won and lost
When your possessions are fought for
Earned, not given,
Only then will you value the cost

So Go!
Act like a savage!
Burn! Destroy! Scream! Fight!
Make sure that you film it
(for vanitys sake)
Hey, you may be on TV tonight!!!!!

You feel like part of a larger good
The fact is: you are truly alone
Your friends are fleeting, vapid, untrue
(youd know that if you looked up from your phone)

So Scamper! Scurry! Flurry, hurry into the night!
Burn! Scream! Cry, because some disagree
In life we learn lessons; easy, hard, wrong, right
Sometimes, we dont learn about pain until we fall and scrape our knee

But dont worry; Im sure youre still on mommy and daddys insurance.
Breitbart chief to be Trump's Chief of Staff? #Election2016 Stephen K. Bannon
Alex is a fabulous editor, but we need a better radio host.
I listen every morning before work! Keep it up!!
BOOM.
JAYZEE.....be real proud 'bout his woman bein'  good lookin'.........But Jayzee  don't spend  a whole lot o'  time  thinkin' 'bout his woman bein' good lookin' dependin' on how white she is.........She white???
Our deepest gratitude and respect for every Veteran who answered the call of duty to selflessly protect America, our freedoms, and our lives.

#VeteransDay
I don't understand why George Soros isn't being held accountable for inciting riots? Every time there is a conflict in this country, he buses in people to destroy property, fight, disrupt business, stop people from getting to work and home, and act basically like fools. 
He needs to be held accountable for his actions, he can't be allowed to get away with this because he is rich.
Dear ESPN:  If you think Hillary lost big, just WAIT until you see what we have in store for you. You've been exposed as a sham political chop shop masquerading as "sports," a not so subtle attempt to inject the progressive virus into conservative sports fans. You're not nearly as slick as you think. Your nosediving ratings tell the story. Signed, The DEPLORABLES
Any idea what has happened to the juiciest Wikileaks and/or Anonymous stuff that was supposed to come out ?
Happy Veterans Day, honoring all the Men & Women, who have served and continue to serve in our Military, keeping America  Safe and Free:  
Breibert you need to stop . We don't need this right now. You are fueling fire and it's not right
I have lost confidence in the federal governments ability to safely and responsibly run the refugee program and no longer want the State of Maine associated with that shortcoming, Gov. Paul LePage said.
Love this page....Tell me how the likes of CNN and other crap news organizations can say "Protests Across the Nation" when there are a few hundred idiots here and there / plus maybe a few thousand in L.A. / for a total of less than 5000 people nationwide.  Are they trying to get other idiots to join in?  Do they not realize that giving them attention fuels their fires?  Are they like a board-up service that hires people to go break windows so they have more business?
 A re-post by someone else worth sharing 

Dear Democrats and Liberals,
I'm noticing that a lot of you aren't graciously accepting the fact that your candidate lost. In fact you seem to be posting even more hateful things about those of us who voted for Trump.
Some of you are apparently "triggered". Because you are posting how "sick" you feel about the results.
How did this happen you ask.
You created "us" when you attacked our freedom of speech.
You created "us" when you attacked our right to bear arms.
You created "us" when you attacked our Christian beliefs.
You created "us" when you constantly referred to us as racists.
You created "us" when you constantly called us xenophobic.
You created "us" when you told us to get on board or get out of the way.
You created "us" when you forced us to buy health care and then financially penalized us for not participating.
You created "us" when you allowed our jobs to continue to leave our country.
You created "us" when you attacked our flag.
You created "us" when you confused women's rights with feminism.
You created "us" when you began to emasculate men.
You created "us" when you decided to make our children soft.
You created "us" when you decided to vote for progressive ideals.
You created "us" when you attacked our way of life.
You created "us" when you decided to let our government get out of control.
"You" created "us" the silent majority.
And we became fed up and we pushed back and spoke up.
And we did it with ballots, not bullets!!
I am tired of all the BS going on. The election is over, so take it like the adults you are suppose to be!!! I won't argue with you over this post, so don't bother trying. NOW.GROW THE FUCK UP & GET OVER IT!!!.....WE, THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN AND AWAKEN.
http://www.consfreedom.com/john-kerry-attacked-rome-supporting-expansion-isis/
FREE JULIAN ASSANGE....FREE JULIAN ASSANGE!
Attn: Trump Team
Please consider Herman Cain as Sec of Commerce. He has business success and been an early and strong supporter.
Is it just me thinking this?!?
Any other election the media would be showing clips from every state, of crowds cheering, hugging and shedding tears of joy upon hearing that their candidate won the election?!?!
I have yet to see any!! I feel cheated. Do you? 
The corrupt media chooses once again, to continue to divide our nation, by showing protest and riots instead of celebrations for our new president elect! 
We The People have every right to celebrate our win BUT our celebration has been clouded by the corrupt media! I feel a little, No, a lot, upset over our loss of celebration, that We The People voted for, being pushed a side! 
This win was well deserved! Democracy is still alive and well in America! The people took to the polls and fought with our votes, to take back our country! 
We succeeded!!! Celebrate!! Instead of seeing riots and protest, we should be seeing videos from every state of people happy, cheering, tears of joy, from the people and feeling honored that the voice of the silent majority roared and was heard! 
God Bless America 
God Bless our New President elect Mr Donald J Trump and Vice President elect Mr Pence.
I want to know how anyone can coment on your stories when you have to recover the page 15 times!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The readers of this site, many hate people who have a different color skin than them.
NoJoek Immigration Proposal to Trump

I propose that families that may be affected by current and future immigration laws may have a plea in abeyance to rectify their situation.  I propose for ONLY the next two years, that all illegal immigrants that surrender themselves to the authorities may have a plea bargain in the courts that involves a pathway to citizenship and allowing justice to be served. 
This plea bargain will be;
 a) Full Identity of immigrant and backround 
b) immigrants home country will be contacted for verification  
c) fingerprints and DNA surrendered 
d) fine plus cost of plea bargain 
e) no jail time 
f) 3 years probation with a temporary visa
g) completion of US citizenship class 
h) completion of a specific  American History class 
i) maintain a steady house hold income 
j) once probation is terminated, US Citizenship shall be granted 
k) After 10 years of termination of probation, a judge may expunge the record.

This allows a compromise for all sides.
People are here for a future.
Families need to stay together.
Laws need to be enforced.

Like or Share if you agree.
We don't build things in America anymore. 

Instead, we build government bureaucracies.

But all that begins to change come January 20, 2017.
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/11/10/chris_matthews_on_trump_protests_why_kind_of_statement_is_there_to_make_they_lost.html
No doubt.
I hope he will do something about school lunches too! Most of our kids are on free lunches cause they don't get food at home. When Michelle overhauled the school lunches - they don't get enough food and go home hungry to no food at home! So sad!!
From a Latina in California, Los Angeles county.... I'm ending my silence
"...exactly in the job creating direction that Donald Trump has talked about for a year and half."
Establishment news outlets such as CNN, NBC, ABC, and CBS have not reported on the shocking video at the time of this writing.
This is what pisses me off. Thanks Obama and Lynch its all your doing
Am I right in that since she conceded the race, she can no longer be considered for the role of President, right? Why are people thinking that she can be brought back by the elctoral college in December? There is a pettiton going around asking them to vote her in against the way their state voted! WTH?
Orange is the new black .
Who else can't find the iphone app to download?
This has to go viral...should addressed to the US's youth! 

https://www.facebook.com/melissa.cornettkearnely/posts/10154621898398418
Please sign my petition


http://www.libertywritersnews.com/2016/11/breaking-george-soros-hacked-look-what-just-leaked-about-him/
Epic.
I think jaun William sud start looking for a job on cnn or someplace he was on the fox new for 4 hours between him ans mkelly you thought you was watching cnn anythime a good one would say a right coment about trump juan &keqlly talked over each other so much not let any trump supporter or even just trying 2 say the fact but juan try to compared the trump to the billy hill billy that obama come from rits and trump wouldnt allould in .i know trump would  not be turn away for the qween like obaba
Hey, I saw something on fb about change.org  and trying to get Hillary elected by electoral votes   is this possible?
Valuable news source.....the best !
Sinking like a stone...
I've been unable to open the articles on your page.  Is Facebook censuring you in some way?
A NEW AGE, A NEW WAY OF THINKING, NEW BLOOD IN DC.  A NEW CONSERVATIVE PARTY.  #GETTHISPARTYSTARTED
#5 is such sweet music to your ears. 

#10 is the most bitter pill for Democrats to swallow.
Let's not forget Julianne Assange.  We owe him much. A very humble man who has stuck to his principles and given up much.
Great idea, Leftists!
Please share this idea. From now on can we refer to Riots and High Crime Areas as "Blue Dot" issues?
Gee, now that's "convenient" timing...
AGE DISCRIMINATION AT STAGED PROTEST? -
Know when you are getting old? When they don't even want you when staging a protest. A Hillary backed organization in league with darker European New World Order elements, had no problem telling the 'over forty' crowd to stay away from the protest it was arranging at Trump Tower on November 9th. Mainstream media ignored a pro Trump rally of 10,000 christians to focus on these type of pre-orchestrated instances of 'civil disobedience'. It has been rumored that instigators were hoping to justify use of U.N. involvement in the matter, which would lead to their eventual oversight of America.
People,  really. We are all together in this. Put your big girl panties on. Is all this rioting really necessary. It won't change anything except the fact that you get to go to jail. Do things like a real human being and people will listen.
ObamaCare:  I have 2 family members who live in the state of Alaska who have the following 2 situations.  They both need Mr. Trump and congress help when redoing ObamaCare.  1. If someone is on either ObamaCare or the State run insurance their monthly premiums and deductibles are very high making it extremely hurtful for a low income earner.  2.  A small business owner who doesn't qualify for ObamaCare or the state run insurance because of their income but then they only have 1 choice of insurance companies to choose medical insurance from and this company charges a very high monthly premium and the deductible is extremely high where the only way one can use the insurance is for a catastrophic illness.
~~~BACKLASH~~~

Juan Williams: "I think, especially with Cuban-American community, they dont  theyre not comfortable with a woman as a leader."
Whats the Protesters End-Game. Free Collage. Never gona happen not even with Clinton. She lied to them every they heard from Hillary was a Lie. They need to pull it together an get their Head out of their Ass an Just Grow the Hell Up.
The networks did not learn their lesson - they keep reporting biased negative crap about Trump and manufacturing stories to diminish his mandate won under free and democratic elections. Let's start to boycott their advertisers and maybe we get the respect and unbiased reporting we deserve.
Thank You BREITBART for reporting the TRUTH throughout this Presidential Campaign !  - From a humble and proud American.
President Obama said that he and President-Elect Trump had an excellent and wide-ranging conversation.
Obama should pardon Hillary. Her final insult and his last failure.
TO THE SORE LOSERS WHO HATE TRUMP...

America just put up with a Kenyan jihadi sympethizer for eight years who did nothing but bankrupt and divide this country.

Hillary Clinton did her best to expedite Obama's attempted destruction of every great thing this country stands for. What we don't stand for is delusional asshats prancing around calling patriots names such as "racist," "sexist," "mysogynist," "homophobe," "Islamophobe" Among other degrading names.

HEY GENIUSES...
You appear to be the bigot you claim to hate!
Keep up the good work spreading hate and fear
Democrats better put a stop to this.
GREATER THAN SHE'S EVER BEEN

All the young Trump haters wearin'n long sad faces
Retreating to all of their warm safe spaces
Because Hillary Clinton and the media lost again

America has suffered quite a few disgraces
Obama divided us by party and races
And he gave lots of money to his jihadi muslim friends

But now...all of that comes to an end

The people have spoken loud and clear
There's only so much a country can take
Now it's time again to make America great..

Greater than she's ever been

We'll put America first
We'll build a strong military
Educate our kids to be visionaries
Build a great big wall to keep the troublemakers out
And bring damn good jobs to feel good about

Wel'll have a reason to celebrate America once again

We'll make America great,
Greater than she's ever been

We might disagree on how we get there
But if we bring back respect and civility
Just think of how productive this country could be

Right this minute we can choose to embrace love and harmony

We'll put America first
We'll build a strong military
Educate our kids to be visionaries
Build a great big wall to keep the troublemakers out
And bring damn good jobs to feel good about

Wel'll have a reason to celebrate America once again

We'll make America great,
Greater than she's ever been

Written by JD Stenzel (C) 2016
For you Liberal Supremacist's who are Self Worshipers, everyone else is always the problem but never yourselves. Everyone else is the bigot, the racist, the sexist, the troll, the fascist, the nazi, the liar and this, that and the other but never yourselves. You bow down to yourselves in idol worship believing you're superior and you're not the exceptional intellectuals you think you are, or better than anybody else.
BOOM.

The Deplorables strike back!
Please think about sharing this post:
Enjoy
Dear Hollywood celebrities, You exist for my entertainment. Some of you are great eye candy. Some of you can deliver a line with such conviction that you bring tears to my eyes. Some of you can scare the crap out of me. Others make me laugh. But you all have one thing in common, you only have a place in my world to entertain me. Thats it. You make your living pretending to be someone else. Playing dress up like a 6 year old. You live in a make believe world in front of a camera. And often when you are away from one too. Your entire existence depends on my patronage. Ill crank the organ grinder; you dance. I dont really care where you stand on issues. Honestly, your stance matters far less to me than that of my neighbor. You see, you arent real. I turn off my TV or shut down my computer and you cease to exist in my world. Once I am done with you, I can put you back in your little box until I want you to entertain me again. I dont care that you don't like Mr.Trump. But I bet you looked cute saying it. Get back into your bubble. Ill let you know when Im in the mood for something blue and shiny. And I'm also supposed to care that you will leave this great country if Trump becomes president? Ha. Please don't forget to close the door behind you. We'd like to reserve your seat for someone who loves this country and really wants to be here. Make me laugh, or cry. Scare me. But realize that the only words of yours that matter are scripted. I might agree with some of you from time to time, but it doesnt matter. In my world, you exist solely for my entertainment. So, shut your pie hole and dance.
Bannon is the former executive chairman of alt-right, vehemently pro-Trump website, Breitbart News.
After a Muslim student claimed that she had her hijab and wallet stolen by two Trump supporters, police announced the claim was fabricated.
Please come to Germany and help our state
"It is so sad. Latino children were crying,
FACEBOOK BLOCKS WAKE UP AMERICA WRITER FROM WARNING TRUMP SUPPORTERS ABOUT WIKILEAKS SHOWING SOROS HISTORY OF STAGING MASS DEMONSTRATIONS AFTER ELECTIONS TO JUSTIFY BRINGING IN NEW WORLD ORDER OVERSIGHT AND TAKING OVER THE GOVERNMENT. 
Read and share. http://bit.ly/2g0xlv3

"I was not allowed to comment on the topic. When I found alternative ways to do so, I was placed in FB jail to silence me. I consider this action to be an infringement on the electoral process and treasonous to the United States in that it implies both a prior knowledge of and a co- conspirator collusion with said event".
WOW! 
I'm going to let all you upset Hillary supporters in on a little secret. 

To those of you questioning now how you will ever be able to raise a child in a world full of hate and bigotry, saying this election has provided even a further wedge in our nations divide, etc. Donald J. Trump will not come into your home and teach your children real values and morals, you will. 

He will not hold your hand and walk you down the street and tell you to smile when you pass a stranger, you will. 

He will not teach your children to not see color, gender, nor disabilities, you will. 

He will not teach your children to be open-minded toward others beliefs, views, and opinions, you will. 

WE are the ones that shape our communities, WE are the only ones that can solve this racial divide, and WE are the ones that can really make the difference in our lives, our childrens lives, and each others lives.

But, some things he will do is clean up this mess of a tax system, healthcare system; strengthen our military, back the blue, support our vets, bring jobs back, strengthen our borders, and sustain our given rights as Americans. All so that you CAN raise a child in a safe and great America. 

The rest is up to you, and up to US as Americans. 

The days of handouts, the blame game, and participation trophies are officially over, take on responsibility for your behaviors. 

Be an adult.

Now...Let's HELP make America GREAT again!!!!
GLORIOUS. Watch Obama eat his words...
Why Donald Trump won ; 
Can you please investigate all these supposed incidents of Trump supporters attacking Muslims and gays. NBC is reporting on it, but I swear I don't believe it for a minute. I think they're staged. I know one claim if an attack on a gay man has been withdrawn. If people really are doing this in the name of Trump, it needs to stop. But if these are being staged and manipulated, it needs to be exposed ASAP!  Please investigate!  Live your site and page!
http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/local/2016/11/10/trump-names-ken-blackwell-to-transition-team.html
We are at war but American's cannot believe it or know how to fight it... obama will do ANYTHING to keep power and if that means mowing down Americans he will (is)... The time between now and Trump is going to be deadly, I pray Im wrong... The American Center For Law and Justice, a team of attorneys that fight for human rights says, 
First there was ABRAHAM  LINCOLN,  who freed the slaves.  Then there was ANN  COULTER, who freed all the rest of us.
ONLY 70 MORE DAYS UNTIL OBAMA IS OUT AND TRUMP IS IN!!!
Do these wingnuts realize all their absurd blather does is remind all 60,000,000+ Deplorables why we elected Donald Trump president? Do they not realize that the ridiculous, predictable, overblown race-baiting and radical rhetoric is so yesterday's Obama Era? Try and keep up with the rest of us, Hollywood...America is over here.
PLEASE STOP POSTING RACIST RHETORIC, for God's sake! Please! People are being physically hurt!
ANTI-RACIST TRUMP &  GEAR- 

Since the left will keep hyping the false narrative that Trump is a racist, maybe you should develop some products like a Trump or Breitbart HEART DESIGN  
"for great inner cities" or 
"great race relations" or 
"great jobs" or 
"great tax laws" 
etc. 

I would love to wear something like that especially if it could be switched onto the shirt, sweater or coat i am wearing around town.
http://christiantimesnewspaper.com/clinton-divorce/
http://christiantimesnewspaper.com/clinton-divorce/
I got real bad news for you all, we are still heading toward CIVIL WAR...... socialist never give up, you can see through out history what happens when socialism is reject by the people. These people are not going to give up power, they do not want to part of traditional American, they do not share American vales, they do not share American morals....... The battle is just starting, the lines have been drawn, sides chosen...... war is coming.
You guys HAVE to do something with your morning XM Radio PATRIOT slot. Glenn Beck just sucks and I can't be relegated to listen to DNC paid for CNN hacks on POTUS. I'm dying out hear in the morning guys. Glen Beck? Seriously?
The Democratic Party Civil War and Finger-Pointing Has Begun...
Quit aggravating it done
God bless Andrew Breitbart... what a great job Breitbart did in helping elect Mr. Trump. If he were here today he would have been so proud! I hope you continue to help get our voice across and also encourage the Trump administration to IMMEDIATELY start a VOTER ID program. ALL legal citizens of this country need to have a VOTER ID to vote. Make it a REQUIREMENT just like it is a REQUIREMENT to have a drivers license. Not that difficult to do ... hopefully we can resolve this problem ASAP. BOTTOM line, Mr. Trump WON the popular vote TOO because of the MILLIONS of dead people AND illegals (encourage by Obama to vote) who voted.
These posts are not helping. They incite more anger and divisiveness. Please stop.
What Obama and the left have brought us and encourage to proceed.
Leftist rioters are proving exactly why America elected the Law & Order candidate....
At this morning's press conference with Josh Earnest, the White House press corps (now pronounced "corpse") showed themselves to be horses' patoots with questions like:  (rough quotes) "Does the President think Donald Trump is qualified to be President?"  Also, "Will President Obama stay involved in democrat politics?  Is he (O) afraid for our country? Did Donald Trump assure him that he won't be undoing his (don't laugh) achievements?"  No one showed enough respect to call him "President-elect Trump."  This is what the new President will face.  However, the same GOD who put President-elect Trump in office is the same GOD who will sustain him, guide him and give him wisdom above those dull brained reporters.
Is it true?

Trump tapping JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary? 

This might rub folks the wrong way
"The terrorist Muslim Brotherhood (MB) group has reportedly denounced 'racist' Republican Donald Trumps victory...."
Check this shit out, When Soros listed all the states that he has rigged Smartmatic voting machines, I emailed all 16 states with his link. I got this bullshit letter back from the Governor of PA.

Dear Constituent:
 
            Thank you for your correspondence regarding voter fraud. I always appreciate when constituents share their thoughts with me on issues that are important to them.
 
Let me be clear that my administration has ensured that voting machines in our commonwealth are secured and the people who oversee our elections take pride in safeguarding the system. My administration has focused on encouraging as many citizens as possible to engage in the electoral process and exercise their right to vote. Every voter in the commonwealth deserves to feel safe and respected while voting.
 
            I, along with Secretary of State Pedro A. Corts, want to protect the rights of all voters across the state. Harassing, intimidating, or interfering actions are illegal under federal and Pennsylvania law. Poll watchers may not engage with voters or otherwise hinder the orderly process of voting and should direct all challenges and other comments directly to the official in charge at the polling place. In addition, poll watchers must be identified in advance, and assigned to specific precincts. Our law enforcement officers, working alongside election workers, will protect voters and ensure no citizen is disrupted in their pursuit of performing their civic duty. I urge individuals who witness voter intimidation, or who are victims of voter intimidation to report the incident to their County Board of Elections and County District Attorney.
 
            Thank you again for sharing your thoughts with me. If you have any questions regarding state government of you would like to follow my administrations initiatives and accomplishments, please visit www.governor.pa.gov.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
TOM WOLF
Governor

Then during the election PA was one that was reporting the switching of votes.

https://www.facebook.com/cricketsfromtheleft/videos/vb.284471951924662/331440970561093/?type=2&theater

https://www.facebook.com/search/top/?q=PA%20rigged%20voting%20machines

http://www.hannity.com/articles/hanpr-election-493995/pennsylvania-newspaper-voting-machines-error-switching-15280733/

http://conservativetribune.com/pa-voters-sick-after-seeing-ballot/?utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium=PostBottomSharingButtons&utm_content=2016-11-09&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons

http://patriotnewsagency.com/2016/11/rigged-trump-is-right-voting-machines-automatically-voting-for-hillary-in-pa-rigged-election-video/

http://joeforamerica.com/2016/11/rigged-trump-right-voting-machines-automatically-voting-hillary-pa/

Nice to know that Tom Wolf warned well in advance of the rigged voting machines condoned the Soros rigged voting machines and was caught. Corruption at its finest in PA starting with the Governor. Time to take out the trash in PA and put his corrupt ass in jail.
Several years ago Coach Bobby Bowden's football team hammered a team coached by Lou Holtz, his friend.  Lou asked Bobby why he left his starters in for most of the game and ran up the score.  Bowden's response:  

"It's your job to keep the score down, not mine.  If you don't like the score, either recruit harder or coach better.  I've got to coach my team and you've got to coach yours.  You can only coach one team."

That means that Republics bear no responsibility for the DNCs failure and inability to keep the Trump electoral votes down lower than Clintons.  So, stop blaming conservatives for the loss.  Dems are not bad people for voting for her.  Republicans are not bad people for voting for him.  You cannot logically blame others for your own (the DNCs) failures.  Did Clinton fail because conservative voters hate women?  No.  She failed because she is unlikeable, crooked, and thus unelectable.  Many in her own party, and the voting demographics on which she had simply counted, voted for Trump or third-party candidates.  Or, worse for her, they were so unmoved by her that they stayed home.  When she and the DNC snaked Bernie Sanders during the nomination process, and the emails confirming that were made public, few forgave her.  And they shouldnt have.  What the DNC did to Sanders is disgusting and fundamentally wrong in every sense.  They casted aside their transformational liberal socialist candidate for the Clinton fat pockets.  It was a bad idea, a big gamble, now proven so.

I am conservative on many issues (spending) and liberal on others (human rights).  It wasn't my responsibility to help crater the Republican ticket to protect snowflake sensibilities, no matter how many Clinton supporters wanted that to happen. That effort was up to the liberal ticket and they had the money to deliver, had they spent it wisely and had they listened to their constituents.  Instead of trying to build up their candidate they started a hatchet job against someone who loves a dirty fight and didnt deliver.  Those who already disliked Trump disliked him more as a result of Clintons TV commercials, but no one else was swayed to her team.

Eight years ago, the Conservative party failed badly.  They let an upstart with very little experience run them over and leave them on the side of the road.  Why?  They spent, but didnt listen.  Obama, however, giving credit where it is due, campaigned to the people, not to a math equation now called the path to electoral victory.  This time the conservative ticket succeeded across the board. The cards were in the hands of the Democrats.  They split the hand and should not have.  They picked the wrong candidate and ran the wrong campaign for all of the wrong reasons.  Why?  Because it was the easy way.  Cram through this Clinton because it was her turn.  They lost thoroughly.  If they want to change that going forward, they have to get better players and coaches, while hoping the Republicans go backwards.  I have said exactly that about the Republicans for years.

I understand that many liberals are upset and feel like the sky is falling.  So, even though it was difficult, I did not post anything on social media yesterday.  I refrained for a few reasons.  First, I have no personal need to gloat.  If I am one thing (or a few), it is unemotional, callous, and realistic.  This was the result I predicted and the states and demographics even played out as I said they would.  I was told, in the days leading up to the election, that I was stupid.  Also ignorant, dumb, blind, stubborn, and insane.  In fact, I was called one or more of those things to my face (or keyboard) more in October than in my entire adult life excluding that month. Trump winning, and the House and Senate following suit, didn't reinforce for me that I am not stupid.  I knew that already and didn't need election results to make me feel better.  Many liberals claim that those who dont align with them are unevolved.  With respect, they can suck it, just like they told me to do eight and four years ago.

The Republican team didn't win on a safety, kick return for a touchdown, and an interception all in the last two minutes of the game.  Trump lead wire to wire.  Had the opposite been true, CNN would have called Michigan, Pennsylvania, and other states for Clinton by 10PM. Instead, they sat there awestruck and looked/were ignorant until 3am, hoping for a miracle.  Many of them who claim that religion has no place between the ears of intelligent people were on their knees praying for a Clinton inside straight.  Many of them will have to get jobs soon. Jobs that are harder, and pay less, then stumping for Clinton as a career choice. 

How did all of the liberal media and pundits get it wrong?  Why did the Republicans decapitate the Democratic Party?  A few reasons.  First, the DNC just kept telling itself the same story, over and over, and evaluated conditions emotionally rather than objectively. They wanted to will Clinton into office instead of monitoring obvious trends and reacting responsibly. Trump was filling arenas, sometimes more than once in a day.  Except when Clinton was paying for entertainers to join her on stage, she was having a hard time filling high school gyms.  How could the DNC and media ignore that?  Dumb?  Overly sentimental/emotional?   Both, for sure.  They paid the media and pundits to tell them they were awesome and on the right track, onthe side of good.  They got that for which they paid.  Did they think it was the same 20,000 people attending every Trump rally?  One day they wore cowboy hats and the next day turtlenecks?  It was just elitist, apathetic wishful thinking and unfettered arrogance. 

Next, the elephant in the room - racism.  I have bitten my tongue for months on this.  Is there racism in this country?  For sure.  Was that the only issue in the campaign?  No.  However, I have seen article after article after article explaining that everyone who voted conservative is a redneck, uneducated, stupid, bigoted, and anti-woman.  Enough.  The hardest core liberals were not able to scare the majority of conservative voters with that drivel, no matter how many "protestors" they hired.   I can support immigration enforcement without being a racist, just like people can support Clinton without advocating the murder of women (for being raped in the Middle East) or the throwing of gay people off of buildings in countries that backed the money truck up to her "foundation" and overflowed her campaign coffers.  I don't claim you Clinton supporters condone murder of innocents, so stop calling every conservative racist.  

Many of you make is seem like the only thing that separated Clinton and Trumps policies was race or gender.  Get over yourselves.  That is bullshit.  I could break FaceBook by listing her inadequacies, but have already been told that I am wrong about all of them, so I wont invest the time.  It makes you, not me, look ignorant, uneducated, and closed minded if you label me a racist and misogynist because I did not support Clinton or, God forbid, supported the conservative ticket.  This is the first and last time I will write that. I have moved on.  Any successful president will have to deal responsibly with race and gender issues.  Enough said.

Now, what should we expect as Trump takes office?  First, new faces.  That happens whenever a party changes in the White House.  A dip and spike in the markets.  The Street hates change.  It will continue to surge for a while.  No ones 401K dissolved.  And Trumps team had better be brilliant, not just individually, but as a team.  He is more liberal than Clinton on many issues.  He was a registered Democrat for decades.  Unhappy liberals, if they can ignore the crassness, could do much worse for a Republican president.  

Did the Dems die with their boots on?  No. The DNC went out with an anti-climactic whimper, with no captain at their helm.  Just that Podesta guy, who is a documented hot mess and sacrificial lamb.  We don't know how Trump and his most fervent supporters would have conducted themselves in a loss.  We do know that Clinton did not have the energy or decency to concede to Trump in public.  As importantly, she didn't face her own adoring fans who poured their guts out for her.  Her people have said she was "just too upset."   I have kids.  They have played on losing teams.  They wouldn't consider refusing to shake hands because they were upset.  For the most part, that is what she did.  Soon, Time Magazine will post a photo of her crying in the arms of her loving husband, while he consoles her in her loss, and casually glanced over her shoulder to see if there are any busty stewardesses around the general vicinity.  

This was her reaction because she is almost inhumanly arrogant and out of touch with her surroundings.  She could not fathom a loss or even a fight.  All of the money that was donated.  All of the back room deals over a long, mediocre career.  She must have thought the masses could not possibly be this "stupid."  A majority of the voters could not possibly disagree with her.  Well, it happened.  And, any detailed evaluator, with their eyes open, could have seen it coming like a freight train.  Today she wore purple to a speech, red and blue combined, and the staunch liberals have nominated her for sainthood while I watched traffic back up for blocks in Chicago with protestors chanting not my president.  Yes he is. He is yours, just like Obama was mine.

Clinton and the liberal minority will continue to claim that all conservatives are ignorant.  I say look in the mirror.  Ask your party for better coaches and players or aspire to be one yourself.  I am not going to apologize for one second for not changing my opinions and beliefs to stop the Republican players from putting up points on the Democrats.  They have the House. They have the Senate.  They have the White House.   It won't stay that way forever, but will be an interesting ride.  They will do to the Supreme Court the opposite of what Clinton would have done.  Both extremes are wrong.  Maybe they will find a middle or be replaced by people who can.  TPP will be gone.  Obamacare will be changed, but unless the insurance industry is fixed, Plan B will fail, too.  

Pollsters are dinosaurs.  One poll got it right. Pundits all got it wrong. They will also have to get jobs now, like the rest of us.

The fact that Clinton skipped her party, sent Podesta to urge her supporters to keep fighting (down 256 to 208), and phoned in her concession, really says a lot about her, her handlers, and her party.  Not individual voters.  Not you, but the clueless establishment.

Now the big finish - The kids.  Hillary was running for the kids.  Barf.  No president has ever run on the kid platform.  No one bought it.

One of my colleagues stopped by my desk yesterday and said "Congrats.  It was a Republican sweep.  But tell me how I explain to my kids that a racist and rapist just got elected president?"

I said, tell them (1) Trump won the election wire to wire.  The people have been heard.  Thats how this democracy thing works.  (2) Tell them to open their minds.  Saying that people should follow the law to come to and stay in our country and we should find a way to keep terrorists out is not even close to being racist.  Also, Trump carried a number of minority voters AND Democrats.  (3) Tell them to be honest in their lives.  Clinton's secrecy and lack of honesty hurt her badly.  (4) Tell them to do their jobs as they grow up.  Most career politicians have failed to do that.  (5) Tell them to shut up, quit pouting, and work.  The victim mentality won't help them in the long run. (6) Lastly, if you were ignorant enough to call Trump a racist and rapist to your young kids, you have failed to patent, created a problem you didn't have, and will have to figure out how to solve that yourself. 

Washington will get somewhat of a flush and we will all likely hold our elected officials to a higher standard than ever.  That is a step in the right direction.
I love WWII history, my family and friends who know me, know this. I was reading about the riots going on and noticed a similarity between this and something Hitler did during Germany's last days. Frustrated that the German people didn't fight hard enough for him to win the war, he took their adolescent sons and sent them to fight and die in the streets. He also ordered Germany's infrastructure destroyed, power and train stations, buildings and such, his belief was, if Germans won't win the war for him, they don't deserve Germany.
All Hillary Clinton has to do is hold a press conference and say, "We fought a good fight, but the majority won. Let's pick ourselves up and go on with our lives." But she won't do it, the liberals didn't fight hard enough to win her the election, they don't deserve a peaceful 
All she has to do is be a grown up and say it's over!
I very much look forward to dealing with the president in the future, Trump said, citing that he would appreciate Obamas counsel as part of the transition.
Time for the sitting POTUS to make a statement, regarding the talk of secession, the protests, the unacceptable behavior that is going on in the wake of the election.  If he wants to leave with any kind of grace, he needs to address these issues.
***BREAKING***

**Viewer Discretion is Advised**
With the calex thing going on you guys really need to bring the #stateofjefferson cause into the public eye nationally.
Well, well, well...look who is backpedaling now after previously promising to leave America...
When you belong to a party that tries to win unfairly, you belong to a party that also loses unfairly.  If these protesters TRULY loved their country, they would stop this attack on Democracy and the American people and support the new President of their country.  BTW, let's stop giving these radicals in our country a platform for their violence.  Violence doesn't deserve a platform.
oblowme is on a jag. Most pardons and releases from prison of violent criminals than the previous 11 Presidents COMBINED.
THIS is liberalism. 

THESE are the people who opposed the Trump presidency. 

"People have to die..."
http://24totalnewstoday.com/index.php/2016/11/09/leaked-documents-reveal-expansive-soros-funding-to-manipulate-federal-elections/
Wow.
It's that easy people
I voted for this. Cruz was my 1st choice; Carson, 2nd. But this was the important issue. His agenda, as he insisted, was "on the ballot." Never forget, Republicans. Don't fail us again.
All of creation, all of life, and everything in it, including you and I, is an Intergrul part of part and parcel of the unlimited, unchanging Infinite mind of God; and one of the only ways that life would or could go wrong, outside of a naturle disaster is by the limited, everchanging, finite mind of man.
***BREAKING***
HEY, ALL YOU PANSY ASS RIOTERS.....HOW ABOUT WE MAKE A TRADE?? WE WILL LET IN ONE IMMIGRANT WHO CAN PROVE THEIR LEGITIMACY AND ALLEGIANCE TO THE USA WITHIN 48 HOURS, FOR EVERY ONE OF YOU WHO DOES NOT LIKE THIS COUNTRY??? YOU GO LIVE IN THEIR COUNTRY, BECAUSE I'LL TAKE AN IMMIGRANT WHO APPRECIATES THE FREEDOM THAT THIS COUNTRY PROVIDES OVER WHINY ASS BULLIES LIKE YOU!
HEY, ALL YOU PANSY ASS RIOTERS.....HOW ABOUT WE MAKE A TRADE?? WE WILL LET IN ONE IMMIGRANT WHO CAN PROVE THEIR LEGITIMACY AND ALLEGIANCE TO THE USA WITHIN 48 HOURS, FOR EVERY ONE OF YOU WHO DOES NOT LIKE THIS COUNTRY??? YOU GO LIVE IN THEIR COUNTRY, BECAUSE I'LL TAKE AN IMMIGRANT WHO APPRECIATES THE FREEDOM THAT THIS COUNTRY PROVIDES OVER WHINY ASS BULLIES LIKE YOU!
Can someone look into #stopfundinghate? Cuz frankly they seem like a hate group.
WATCH far-left Clinton News Network commentator Van Jones snap at female Trump supporter. 

"Im not going to be talked over tonight!  Im not!"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Nox1En31t0
California to secede due to Trump victory? 

#Calexit
Do you will come in France ? A really good idea !
All of creation, all of life, and everything in it, including you and I, is an Intergrul part of part and parcel of the unlimited, unchanging Infinite mind of God; and one of the only ways that life would or could go wrong, outside of a naturle disaster is by the limited, everchanging, finite mind of man.
I'm very sorry but I have to unlike your page for no reason other than you post too much! News feed clogged with links keep up the good work...
My GENERATION (X) waited Fourty yrs to vote agine. Have not voted for a President since Ronald Reagan. Trump stood up for us not Specil Interest or EPA Job Killing Policy. For the SECOND time we steped up an Voted Trump
If you haven't already cut ESPN out of your life, you will now...
Please stop the nonsense and hate posts.      Don't contribute to the snarchy.

You have a "real opportunity" to fill the void of journalism.     I think you have some really good writers.     PLEASE the country is hungry for accurate unbiased reporting.   

You could make history !
Anne C Taffe 
Garnet Valley, PA
Will Obama pardon Hillary Clinton for her criminality?
The title goes to Trump, but YOU are the ones who won the victory.
Dear George Soros,

We, the real American People, know that it is you funding all these riots and protests across OUR Country. You are pissed because even with ALL your corrupt voter fraud,we, the real American People, outvoted all your cheating.
 It's a shame that you cannot be charged, indicted, and put in jail right now but until we get our UNCORRUPT Department of Justice and FBI in place you can show your ass a little longer.

Just know... your days of control are numbered... we're coming after you and you aren't the only one on that list!

Unrespectfully,
 The American People
Ramzpaul on NPR radio re Trump ; 
#GiveTrumpAChance
A Bigger, More Diverse Republican Party
We didn't leave the Democrats. The Democrats left us. And then the Republicans left us. They abandoned us for the World. The Third World, to be exact. But now we're back. Whoever we are.
Manufactured spontaneity.
Screen grab from Boston Craigslist.
Breitbart - please refer to these "protests" for what they really are.  They are riots.  Maybe post a nice photo of Martin Luther King protesting.  There is a huge difference.
"This is not about politics  this is about rule of law and whether she wins or loses, we still have to enforce the law...."

WATCH:
Mazeltov. Historic and truly remarkable. I have written several missives under my real name to the contact page on the official Trump for President website and always received a quick reply,Thank You. I am about to make a bold suggestion, one which will instantly disarm the Left  and position a POTUS Trump brilliant and transformative(IMO)

Here it is:

Wheras Candidate Trump proposed utilizing a % of repatriated monies toward rebuilding Urban America, a Renaissance if you will 
and.....

Whereas it is in the interest of the Racial arsonists and Democrats  to disparage and demean any Trump success in altering the current dynamic of their voting constituencies, and I believe a POTUS Trump will completely flip the LBJ contract to one which minorities vote GOP for generations and.....

Whereas healing needs to be done and a buy in needs to be achieved and a neutering of the MSM can be done, I propose requesting Michelle Obama to be a special Ambassador to sell if you will the rebuilding of our Cities using repatriated private monies. A private sector approach asking GOOGLE and Apple to set up Coding Camps, and and Trade schools to set up for carpentry and HVAC and Roofing ,all the jobs now being done by undocumented workers. A program whereby decrepit  and condemned and non performing real estate is flipped and turned into tax paying properties. Restaurants and Hair salons Art Galleries where graffiti and Crack houses stood.   Owners can take for one dollar and use the Labor trained under these programs and upon completion either live in or sell the properties. A Renaissance where tourism and vistor centers and conventions can all take place,all the result of a Trump Handshake deal! How could the Al Sharpton"s and Van Jones's ridicule with Michelle Obama's name and image attached?

Good Luck, America is going to be Great Again!
POTUS was probably behind this.
VIDEO: THE SHOCKING MICHAEL MOORE RANT THAT PREDICTED ELECTION

TRUMP VOTE WILL BE BIGGEST F*CK YOU IN HUMAN HISTORY
Do you think if Hillory had won Trump voters would be inthe streets ?
BREAKING NOW: AFTER MATH OF TRUMP VICTORY - THE REAL ELITE AND DEMS AGENDA IN FULL SWING CIVIL UNREST IN U.S. VIA ANTI TRUMP PROTESTS!! CAN HILLARY BE PARDONED? 49 BILLION ERASED FROM BILLIONAIRES STOCK COFFER / OBAMA TO SNEAK IN TPP  AND MUCH MORE!! HILLARY USING CORRUPT MEDIA AND CRAIGS LISTS ADS TO ENACT MARSHALL LAW!! TIME FOR US TO MARCH AMERICA!! I believe its called March for America
GENIUS
https://stopthesteal.org/violent-leftists-continue-assault-america-post-election/
The wins just keep on a comin'...
I know Mr. Trump will make the right decision on appointments however I HOPE he will not put Chris Christie somewhere where he would continue to have empathy for Muslim groups who support terrorism.  When he appointed a judge who fundraised for Hamas AND looks to Sharia Law for guidance it was EXTREMELY disappointing LET alone the big hug to Obama at the critical time prior to election.  http://sultanknish.blogspot.com/2011/01/governor-christies-dirty-islamist-ties.html
Alternative headline: A bunch of kids in Berkeley felt like skipping class!
This is what I think about last night riots, for what it's worth:
I'm a child of the Cold War, and what I witnessed last night, had that Marxist left wing flavor written all over it. If anyone thinks last nights riots, "protests", were spontaneous, you are sadly mistaken. This was well thought out and coordinated. Follow the Wikileaks, go back to the paid rioters at the Trump and Sanders rallies, go back to the community organizers with ACORN (probably renamed by now) and that council woman yesterday who called for the protest, and you will find to root organizers who are responsible. The "kids" in the streets were infiltrated and used. That's what liberal colleges and liberal left wing professors do. Let's see if the media is gone g to continue lying to us - or will they expose this?  Time will tell.  In the meantime - let's send in the appropriate agencies to investigate, find the instigators, and help them accountable for the violence, the damages, the injuries and in some cases the deaths that may have resulted because of this.
I am TIRED of all the "professionals" in the field scratching their heads wondering how all the polls could have been so wrong...let a retired Pawnbroker 'SPLAIN it to you...I posted this on different posts on social media for the last six months........"Hillary Clinton is going down to a defeat not seen since MONDALE and forget about polls showing the race competitive... WHY?....because many many Democrats are going to tell all of their friends that they voted for Clinton and cannot understand how she lost...HOWEVER...when they are alone in the voting booth they will understand that there is no way they can vote for such a corrupt, lying, CARPETBAGGER B!TCH and vote for Trump, and then lie about it for the rest of their lives."....now you know why everyone missed it, everyone also seriously misjudged just how PISSED OFF the average American Citizen of any race is these days at this miserable excuse for a gov't that is supposed to be for OUR PEOPLE FIRST! (OK so it was not a Mondale blowout, but every poll had her winning easily)
You know you're on the right side of history when the people who oppose you are burning American flags.
Pop some popcorn, y'all...the Leftist meltdowns and therapy sessions continue!
Another coup is going on. The demonstrations have been planned since the beginning as Plan B. Soros has taken over governments before using this tactic. Create massive demonstrations. Convince everyone an ' international mediary' is required to quell the orchestrated civil unrest, and install the new world order leader who will now rule that country. Obama did his part and just signed an executive order allowing the UN to take control of America and her citizens should civil unrest occur (even if he helps orchestrate it apparently), the $140 million in arms have surely arrived to arm the UN troops, and now we just need the spark to set it ablaze.. 

https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1835562953328948&id=100006257836875
Excuse the errors but I've got to post. If you want to use it proof read it. 

FRIEND me.i love what YOUR DOING. If you give me credit I want you to edit this and repost this everywhere. * GIVE ME CREDIT GIVE YOUESELF CREDIT.) YEAH IT NEEDS TO BE PROOFREAD BECAUSE I HAVE NO COMPUTER BUT THIS NEEDS TO BE SEEN. HERE IS MY REPOST. 

McEnany tried to tell Jones how no one should be stoking fears in Americans, how people are terrified of Trumps presidency because of the way the media portrayed him.
CNN AND OTHERS NEED TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR WHAT THEY HAVE CAUSED. INSTEAD OF PIRTRAYING TRUMP IN A POSITIVE LIGHT THEY ALL GOT IN HILLARY'S CORNER. THANK YOU #CNN #FOXNEWS,#ABCNEWS AND MORE. YOU PRAISE AND HONOR SOMEONE WHO HAS GONE TO AN ISLAND AND MOLESTED KIDS, DO YOU REOIRT CHANGED #TRUMP HAS MADE?  NO YOU WANT TO TRASH HIM AND GLORAFY THIS RALLEY CRAP. Y'ALL NEED TO FIX WHAT YOU HAVE DONE MEDIA. WE TAKE OUR FREEDOME IF SPEECG AND USE IT FOR THE WRONG REASON. I'M UPSET WITH OUR PRESIDENT AND VICE. THERE THEY LEAVING A MESS FOR TRUMP TO PICK UP. HOW DARE YOU TEST DOWN A CANIDATE. OBAMA YOUR GUILTY, YOUR WIFE IS GUILTY ALSO OF STARTING THIS STUFF ALSO. DON'T YOU DARE LEAVE OFFICE WITH OUT CLEANING UP WHAT YOU HAVE STARTED.  YOU WANT TO FLAUNT YOUR EXECT ORDER TAKE CARE OF THE MESS YOU AND OTHERS HAVE STARTED. HILLORY SHOULD OF NEVER, NEVER BEEN PUT ON THE BALLOT TO RUN. BUT YET YOUR ADMINASTRATION DID NOT DO THEIR JOB. THE MOMENT YOU KNEW THIS WAS GOING ON YOU SHOULD OF DONE SOMTHING. AND FACEBOOK NEEDS NOT TO POST THINGS IF THEY ARE NOT TRUE. WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO HONEST NEWS?  SO MR. OBAMA YOU NEED NOT PARDOB HILLARY, YOU NEED TO PUT YHOSE WHO ARE DOING HARM TO OUR COUNTRY  ( NEWS MEDIA) YOU NEED TO MAKE AN ORDER TO SHUT A LOT OF THEM DOWN. THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO DO GOOD RRPORTONG. BUT YOU KNOW WHAT? I THINK YOU WILL LEAVE TRUMP TO PICK UP YOUR MESSS, ARE YOU AS GUILTY AS CLINTONS? YOU WANT A DINNER WITH TRUMP TO DISCUSS A SMOOTH TRANSITION, WELL FIX WHAT YOU AND THE MEDIA HAVE STARTED. BECAUSE YOU CAN TALK ALL YOU WANT BUT ACTION NEEDS TO FOLLOW.  

WRITER, JERMAIN HAWVER ( AND WHATEVER YOUR NAME IS) I'M SICK OF THIS CRAP. LET'S WORK TOGETHER.
I hope you intend to cover all news including the weather because I am done with mainstream media.
So. Much. Leftist. Hate.
yep, it's real! lyinhillarydoll.com/product/lyin-hillary-doll/

video demonstration by a customer here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4UErMnNOh4
"What was the selection accompanying Trump's entry for his Victory speech, please?
It starts at 3:30 mark here:
https://www.c-span.org/video/?418090-1/donald-trump-elected-45th-president-united-states"
I haven't heard Trey Gowdy's name up yet. He is awesome. Any news on him?
Nice to see George Soros up to his old tricks again with the protesters.  He's not run out of money yet? Nice to see Obama disavow this kind of crap.  Soros funds MoveOn and BLM and has ads in major cities on Craigslist.  Thanks Hillary @
Don't  know if this is even current?https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1452985471382671&set=p.1452985471382671&type=3
The state of the media after Trump ; 
https://www.ebay.com/itm/162274579035
You silly POS. NUTJOB
Soros planned protests 
President elect Donald J Trump ; 
I know I am about to get blasted on here but hear me out. Disclosure, I am a Bernie supporter who voted for Hillary. 

I get what the vote was about last night. It was against establishment politics after being so displeased with the failures of Washington over the last few decades. I get that. I understand the hope to turn around the plight of the middle class. Both of the bases of the parties care about that deeply, they just differ in how to bring about that improvement. So, congratulations on winning this election fair and square. You all turned out to vote in numbers no one could have anticipated within key states. While we disagree on the means of how government should move forward, I am proud that you exercised your right to vote as so many have died defending that right. 

I have read through a lot of the posts on here. Most have been blatantly antagonizing. It happens on the left too, don't get me wrong, but, again, hear me out. Technology is a funny thing. It is a blessing and a curse in some respects. It is my understanding that most Trump supporters became utterly disgusted with the media, including Fox News at times. In response, people turned to the internet, especially social media. This is true of many on the left too. The problem with social media is that it algorithmically shows you what you want to see. Im guessing by the time the general election process started, most your news feeds were exclusively anti-Hillary (Democratic Party in general) & pro-Trump, just like mine was but in the opposite way. This completely eliminates challenges to positions candidates take and creates a group think atmosphere. The economy and issues in political discourse are much more complex than they appear and cant be fully understood by a meme or a short 1 minute video. Everybody is guilty of falling into this trap. Neither side listens to each other anymore and the landscape of the current political climate is the result. It is tearing the country apart. 

Now, with all that said, today there is a very real fear in people because of the results of last nights election. Not only was Trump elected, but he will soon have the Supreme Court and both houses of Congress, while the left has a very minimal voice in government now (call it like it is). He has very little check to his power. The campaign he ran was more than just targeting the global elites and the political establishment. It emboldened rhetoric in this country we have not seen in decades. People are scared. I am a gay man in Florida, and I am absolute terrified that my ability to marry the person I love will be lost with the future appointees of the Supreme Court and the lack of confidence that my state, or any state in the South for that matter, will ever vote to legalize it on their own. There is so much more to right to marriage, including financial and visitation benefits. Im terrified that workplace protections will be rolled back due proposed religious liberty legislation that is forthcoming. It will be legal in my state to fire an LGBT individual solely on their sexuality. It will be legal to refuse services to me solely because of my identity. The vice president-elect advocated for conversion therapy in the past. That was pushed by 1 of my parents when I came out in high school. People commit suicide from having to go through that and experience the level of self-hate that follows. And that is just the immediate fears that I am experiencing right now. Many minorities are fearful as well of what this election will mean for them moving forward. Will they be subject to more hate crimes by white supremacists, since many have been emboldened by this election, or will there be a law enacted that leads to assumptions of criminality in hopes of stopping crime, which white individuals may not have those same experiences under such a policy? These are some of the very real fears people are having. 

What I am saying is, please try to be gracious in this period of transition and recognize what the power of your party has at the moment, the power of social media on this country, and what those of us who feel uneasy about what this means to our immediate futures (regardless of what the economy does).Those of us in minority groups need help from you all to ensure that we feel safe and wanted in this country, because the rhetoric used in this campaign has left many of us without that feeling. Antagonizing isn't the way to unite our country. Listening on both sides is the only thing that will give us a chance.
HILLARY CLINTON IS SO DISHONEST. SHE WAS CRYING IN HER ELECTION DEFEAT SPEECH AND LYING TO YOU AT THE SAME TIME. CROOKED HILLARY HAS NO VALUES,SHE WAS ONLY FAKING PART OF THE TWEET MESSAGE I LEFT MELANIA TRUMP CONGRATULATING HER,NOT TRUMP ON TRUMP`S ELECTION. OBAMA IS LIKE HILLARY. BOTH ARE LIARS AND FOREIGN AGENTS THAT SPECIALISE IN SABOTAGING AMERICAN SOLDIERS,FRIENDS AND ALLIES TO KEEP THEIR JOB. 

OBAMA IS LYING TO YOU ABOUT BEING A PATRIOT FIRST AND PUTTING AMERICA FIRST. AMERICA IS ALREADY SOLD AND FLOODED WITH SLIES. OBAMA IS A MULTI FACED FOREIGN AGENT. I DO NOT KNOW WHAT TRUMP WANNA BE. WHAT I KNOW IS: HE AND HIS MEDIA FRIENDS WENT INTO THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION FAKING MY PERSECUTIONS AND ANTI. ESTABLISHMENT POSITION. HE ACTUALY WAS DEFEATED AND WAS COMSIDERING ACCEPTING DEFEAT MINUTES BEFORE THE MENELIK FACTOR KICKED IN AND DID A U- TURN OF THEIR DEFEAT, WINNING THE ELECTION ON BEHALF OF THE TRUMP CAMPAING IN JUST ONE HOUR. BEWARE OF ANY TRAITOR IN GOV WHO WILL ATTEMPT TO  BETRAY AMERICAN SOLDIERS,FRIENDS AND ALLIES AGAINTO KEEP HIMSELF IN OFFICE.BEWATE OF THE LIES OF GERMAN CHANCELLOR MERKEL, HER UN,UK EUROPEAN UNION AND AFRICAN CRIME PARTNERS. THEY ARE SO CRUEL AND EVIL, THEY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT BEING HUMAN.. EUROPE AND AFRICA GOVERMENTS ARE ALREADY SOLD TO FOREIGNERS. THEIR HEADS OF GOV ARE FOREIGN AGENTS EXISTING TO SABOTAGE THEIR OWN COUNTRIES,  SUFFER THEIR OWN CITIZENS AND BLAME IT ON GLOBAL ECONOMY
I find it very sad, that some parents have raised their children to believe, that they are entitled to whatever they want. Even it means going against the constitution of the nation, that has given them the very "right" to act like idiots.
Do you know that the Breitbart app isn't available in the Apple App Store?  Showed the app to my wife on my phone (she loves it, btw!), but when she went to download it on hers it isn't there.
WATCH how he reacts when they BUST him!
Message to Breitbart and Trump. Realize Millions of people held their nose and voted for Trump so don't think everyone is in love with Mr. Trump.  That is simply not true! Most was anti-Clinton vote. What does that mean? It means that Mr. Trump better not govern in some extreme way or he will have lots of political problems. If though he can be President of all the people, he will be successful. So don't do anything crazy.
HISTORIC
The Math: Trump 2016 Wouldve Beaten Obama 2012
Its easy to glance at Tuesdays popular vote  which, with 92 percent of all precincts reporting, shows Hillary Clinton with six million fewer votes than Barack Obama won in 2012  and reach the conclusion that Clinton lost the White House because she failed to turn out the Democratic base. But the truth is much more complicated. While she underperformed relative to Obamas 2012 totals in several Midwestern states  Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin  Clinton ran virtually even with Obama in the battlegrounds of Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, and New Hampshire. Whats more, she far surpassed Obamas 2012 vote total in Florida, the countrys biggest swing state. Yet somehow, while Obama carried Florida, Clinton lost it.  Which brings us to an important question: Was Donald Trump just good enough to beat a bad Democratic opponent on Tuesday, or does he deserve far more credit? Could he, for instance, have competed with the vaunted Obama machine? The answer, somewhat shockingly, is yes. A review of vote totals in the past two elections reveals that Trump 2016 would have defeated Obama 2012 in the electoral college. (Disclaimer: This obviously is an apples-to-oranges exercise because no two elections are the same, nor are any two electorates. Still, unlike debating whether the 2016 Cubs would defeat the 1927 Yankees, this is not an entirely abstract argument; a comparison of their respective performances in the countrys most competitive states shows Trump edging Obama in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup.) The math might seem impossible. After all, Obama won nearly 66 million votes in 2012; Trump is currently at 59.5 million and should finish around 60 million, which will actually be one million fewer votes than Mitt Romney won. How, then, could Trump have topped Obama in the electoral college? The answer: Republican turnout lagged in certain parts of the country but shot through the roof in the nations most critical battleground states. Lets look at them individually, in descending order by population, and do the electoral-vote math. The 2016 totals arent yet final because not all precincts have reported. FLORIDA  29 EVs  98 percent reporting Obama 2012: 4,235,270 Clinton 2016: 4,485,745   Romney 2012: 4,162,081 Trump 2016: 4,605,515 Conclusion: Trump beats Obama by some 370,000 votes and wins Florida. (Note: Clinton herself won 250,000 more votes in Florida than Obama did in 2012.)   PENNSYLVANIA  20 EVs  97 percent reporting Obama 2012: 2,907,448 Clinton 2016: 2,844,705   Romney 2012: 2,619,583 Trump 2016: 2,912,941   Conclusion: Trump squeezes past Obama by a margin of some 5,000 votes and wins Pennsylvania. (Note: Clinton runs about 60,000 votes behind Obama, but wouldve had more than enough to defeat Romney in 2012.)   OHIO  18 EVs  94 percent reporting Obama 2012: 2,697,260 Clinton 2016: 2,317,001   Romney 2012: 2,593,779 Trump 2016: 2,771,984   Conclusion: Trump edges Obama by roughly 75,000 votes and wins Ohio. (Note: Clintons worst battleground state showing was Ohio, winning 380,000 [!] fewer votes than Obama.)   Stop right there and crunch the numbers: Florida (29) + Pennsylvania (20) + Ohio (18) = 67 EVs. Romney finished with 206 EVs. By protecting all of those, and then taking 67 from Obama, Trump would hit 273 and win the presidency.  The question: Did Trump 2016 defeat Obama 2012 in all of the states Romney won? Yes. Heres a look at the competitive ones:  NORTH CAROLINA (98 percent reporting): Trump 2,339,603  Obama 2,178,388  ARIZONA (73 percent reporting): Trump 947,284  Obama 930,669  GEORGIA (93 percent reporting): Trump 2,068,623  Obama 1,761,761  UTAH (78 percent reporting): Trump 360,634  Obama 229,463 A review of the Romney 2012 states confirms that Trump, in this hypothetical matchup, would have carried every single one against Obama. It doesnt matter that Obama would have trounced Trump by nearly 300,000 votes in Michigan; by more than 200,000 in Wisconsin; by 175,000 in Virginia; and by 160,000 in Colorado. Its similarly meaningless that Obama would have narrowly defeated Trump in Iowa, Nevada, and New Hampshire. The 44th president carried all of those states in 2012, and in this hypothetical contest, he would successfully defend all of them. But it wouldnt be enough. The electoral college would produce a razor-thin margin: Trump 273, Obama 265. Again, this is an apples-to-oranges exercise. Its impossible to know how the Obama campaign might have targeted certain voters in a contest against Trump, or whether Trump would have the same success in the three big battleground states against a more formidable opponent. But thats not the point here; the point is that its not entirely fair to blame Clinton for depressing Democratic turnout when she ran even with him in five of the countrys most competitive states and ahead of him in a sixth, Florida, the single biggest swing state  and still lost the electoral college.
Read more at: 
OBAMACRATS AND CLINTONISTAS HAVE OTHER PLANS:  This is no time for unity  Trump must be confronted with relentless protest  
MESSAGE TO THE MILLENIALS PROTESTING TRUMP'S ELECTION:

You have been lied to about Trump, and because of your being mollycoddled and pampered your whole life, you are sadly deluded.

You were told by the liberal media, which you mistake for a bastion of truth, that "Trump is masogynistic, sexist, homophobic, Islamophobic and bigoted,"  which is demonstrably false. This was an election campaign tactic to malign a political adversary, nothing more...just a hollow lie.

The truth is that both Hillary Clinton and most liberal mainstream "news" outlets are liars; you just aren't savvy enough in your youth to understand how your "leaders" could be anything more than tragically desperate political hacks willing to destroy the reputations of their adversaries.

You aren't on any "high ground" in your protestations, and here's why...

We just had a lawful election during which your fellow citizens made their will known, and despite the fact that your hero lost, you use the occasion to act out like a three-year-old.

You burn flags to protest, demonstrating your hatred for America, yet you are too stupid to leave and live elsewhere...or appreciate the blessings of freedom and liberty you are given to demonstrate your stupidity and hatred for America by burning the flag.

You aren't as tolerant of the opinions of those who disagree with your shallow ideological spewings as Trump, who appreciates all points of view, and tolerates your right to voice your concerns peacefully.

You are afraid Trump will deport your non-American friends and neighbors. False. Trump only wants to deport ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS who have broken laws after coming here illegally in the first place, but what do you care for the truth or our immigration laws?

You were mistakenly taught by Progressive liberals in school that diversity and unrestricted immigration is what makes America a wonderful place. Wrong! Those who ignore immigration laws and refuse to assimilate only make America into the craphole such people immigrated from.

Learn something from your elders about civics, citizenship, the value of the United States Constitution...then pitch in and help build this country into something greater by contributing to the economy, inventing something or becoming a good person, and a helpful citizen. Don't go out protesting what you don't even understand.

Do you even know the difference between a Democrat and a Progressive liberal? If not, do your research, and when you finally understand that Progressives hate America and want the destruction of this country...appologize. You can be forgiven for your ignorance and your stupidity; it isn't all your fault, after all.

Grow the hell up...quickly! We have work to do, and right now you are standing in our way. If you insist on undermining those of us who are smarter than to be fooled by the media and their lies, you will be dealt with like a child, and spanked!

Now clean up your mom's basement, put the video game down and go mow the damn yard!
*irony alert*
Hmmm...
We love you, ALEX!
Wow
Oh Snap!
So the so called caring fair liberals have decided a fair election is not right and it's only correct if they win, now your war crazed murdering corrupt psychopath lost and Donald Trump won now  get over it ,it's time for change and for you liberals to grow up and stop acting like little selfish brats. It's like Brexit all these dumb ass liberals crying not caring about the average Joe as these self obsessed liberals have no real idea of the real world and are just focused on their little fantasy world. You liberals need to grasp the concept of  Freedom the majority of the USA voted for Donald Trump which makes him president and that is Final get behind him and make America Great again. 
PUTIN INTERESTED IN ITEM #3 OF DEPLORABLE LIST?
What do you think? Does this look like an opportunity for item #3 on the Deplorable List?  If so, think Syrian refugees in America will pursue it as well? -

Americans have begun creating a list of recommended action items for President Trump to consider. They include:

1. Give preK -12 education oversight back to each state. The federal government will no longer have an oversight role. 

2. Create A Technology Transfer For Profit Division of the Government - It will be a partnership between tax funded R&D and Private enterprise. Will ensure that 50% of all patent proceeds and their spin offs go back to the government. 25% will be used to fund more R&D and 25% will be put into social security for tax payer retirement. 

3. Redirect foreign aid and partner with Russia to create 'safe zones' for refugees. Allow Russia to manage operations and protective oversight from their more localized position. Offer American Syrians opportunity to relocate to these zones.

4. Create zero down, 'you fix it up and it's yours' home opportunities for veterans. This will help solve the delapidated homes across America problem and provide shelter for homeless vets.

5. Build that wall.

6. Repeal and replace Obamacare.

7. Get back possession of the internet.

8. You start adding.....I want to head up #2...


WATCH:
Someone please tell me how Van Jones still has a job.  I've never seen such a classless, racist pos.... Not even from CNN
Liberals are so much more tolerant and accepting...
AMAZING HOW MAINSTREAM MEDIA STILL AVOIDS TRUMP - focuses on Democrat funded staged protests designed to get concessions out of Trump 'for sake of unification'.... Seen it before. 

Message From The Deplorables - Protestors - No concessions. Suck it up. Accept the win. Change is going to happen. Either get on board and be part of the solution or stand aside and wish you had been....
America was saved by the grace of God, and the good women and men of the United States, who had courage to stand in the face of endless lies and inappropriate criticism. Now it's time to roll up our sleeves and get to real work!
WATCH the video meltdown everyone's talking about-- and the tweets of pain and anguish over the fact that 60,000,000+ people disagree with their precious, oh so tender opinions.
All the media people keep pondering what Hillary will do next and if Trump will give her a job. Considering her 30 years of diplomacy Trump should make her Ambassador to Libya in Benghazi. I heard there is a position open.
'The Mathews ,Maddow argument was priceless. Mathews was disgusted w Hillary and was tired and just gave up covering her ass. Maddow looked stunned that he could turn on Hillary and her
"This was a primal scream on the part of a lot of voters who are disenchanted with the status quo and Hillary Clinton.

WATCH:
Please don't ever put up Whoopie,s picture again, I don't care what she has to say now, or ever!
Hold them all accountable! --> 16 Celebrities Who Will Leave the U.S. if Trump Wins via Breitbart
Yeah, secure our border from faggots!!!
Whoopi Goldberg race-bait? 

NO!
You piece of shit!
Fuck you,  Fuck Trump and Frck you hag, Conway. I hope you all rot in hell. He will never be my President, he is scum and so is his porno wife.
Precious Snowflakes Melt
Remember THIS?! 

Your guilty pleasure must-watch of the day:
http://clashdaily.com/2016/11/hey-soros-kiss-deplorable-ass/?utm_source=Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=HEY%2C+SOROS%3A+Kiss+Our+DEPLORABLE+Ass%21&utm_keyword=major1&utm_content=subscriber_id%3A21502536
Patrick Caddell was one of the only people in America to predict last nights outcome. Based on Gravis Marketing Breitbart polling https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/11/05/exclusive-pat-caddell-breitbartgravis-national-poll-shows-trump-could-win-and-win-by-a-lot/amp/?client=safari  Breitbart Matthew Boyle
BOOM.
WOW! >> New York Stock Exchange Was Chanting "Lock Her Up' During Clinton Concession .... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_hBzXU0MsY
Trump supporters... where do we go from here?

The attacks from the Left will continue! They want the whitehouse in 4 years and will do anything and everything possible to accomplish this! We cannot stop fighting, EVER! We as individuals need to continue to educate people about what is really going on. We need to be watchdogs for the Populist Conservative movement, we need to stop the Left from controlling and manipulating public opinion, we need to continue to expose the corrupt Left media, and we need to repair the damage done to the Republican party by the Neo-cons (Bush family, Romney, McCain, etc.) and prevent them from ever taking power again. We need to be involved! Trump has given us another chance... we must NEVER let it go to waste because we will never get another one like it again!!!
I so wish Andrew were still here to see this..
Breitbart-
I have to take a moment and say Thank You!
I generally do not watch the news unless it's local. I made my peace with, what I felt, was an agenda seeking Media long ago, but found something I have been missing for a very long time in your news. Trust. Fairness (when warranted) and a keen respect of your readers. 
You have gained a loyal following, but your job is not done. Last night we began the road to recovery..and for the next four years we need as much help as we can get to truly put the American people back in control.
There is a sense of renewal today, a sense that after a long hard battle, conservatives came out on top, so again I thank you for being front and center in your reporting. 
God bless!
BLM Radicals in Full and Total Meltdown Over Historic Win by President-Elect Donald J. Trump...
How can Juan Williams on the Five have the audacity to call President elect a racist when he got fired for his racial comments on Muslims! Show respect for the American people's choice and apologize on air! You are a disgrace and ruin the Five!
The babies won. 
My prayer is for an end to abortion. 
THAT every CRISIS pregnancy can birth the family of a childless couple yearning for a family. 
And that placing a baby for adoption is NOT a stigma but an affirmation that every life has potential and possibility. 
That we will love and care for these women who are carrying life....
And make adoptions affordable. 
In Jesus name. Amen.
The Doctor is In!
"A man attacked me in a parking garage; tried to stab me with an 8-inch knife. But I carry a pistol. I fight back. Thats why Im still here. Every woman has a right to defend herself with a gun if she chooses; Hillary Clinton disagrees with that. Dont let politicians take away your right to own a gun. Donald Trump supports my right to own a gun."
U S TAXES PAID FOR INTERNET - GIVING IT AWAY WHILE TRILLIONS IN DEBT? American tax dollars paid to develop the internet. The technology that now drives communication on this planet. We own every domain name created. Why are Americans not capitalizing on and selling use of this technology to other countries instead of simply giving it away? Especially when it is critically needed by all and we are trillions in debt. Once again our Democrat controlled government failed to do what is best for American interest. Should Trump block this hand over and start making tax funded R&D profitable for America?
Trump, Advocates, and the Criminal Justice System


What is Donald Trump's views on the GI Bill?
https://youtu.be/HULM3s75cuc
Establishment Media saw just how clueless and out-of-touch they truly are with Working Class Americans...
Today I deleted the Breitbart app due to the storage on my phone. When I tried re-downloading the app it was nowhere to be found on the App Store.  Help!!
BREAKING : Just in ,BLEACH-BIT sales up over 10,000% since announcement of President Elect Donald J. Trump !!!!!!!!!
The meme battle is over,the meme wars have begun ; 
S**T JUST GOT  REAL:.........Bill Maher
Also, just as predicted: 
Great T-shirt!
Great T-shirt!
Hillary Clintons Sudden Move Of $1.8 Billion To Qatar Central Bank Stuns Financial World, 
Shattering the Glass Ceiling!
HILLARY CLINTON WON THE POPULAR VOTE! The MAJORITY of our fellow Americans preferred Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. Period. Fact. If you woke up this morning thinking you live in an effed-up country, you dont. The majority of your fellow Americans wanted Hillary, not Trump.
Launch a news network!!!! You just became the kings.
https://www.gofundme.com/jonstewarthasleftthecountry
Thank you Breitbart for bringing us the real news and bringing to attention the corruption of the mainstream media.  Your determination to bring us the truth through, what I'm sure included upwards of matters of life and death at some points, is beyond commendable.  Your sources are beyond commendable.  Bravo.  I will never underestimate your credibility in every story you continue to bring us.  Again...THANK YOU.
The Clinton News Network just can't understand why they're so reviled, unpopular, and hapless...
President-elect Donald Trump

Despite all of the forces allied against his candidacy, from its very start in June of 2015, businessman and real estate mogul Donald J. Trump was elected the forty-fifth president of the United States, having bested Hillary Clinton in thirty of the fifty United States. Winning seven of the eleven so-called swing states, his victory was sealed when he was awarded the presidential electors of Pennsylvania in the early hours of Wednesday, November 9th- a state that hasnt gone Republican since 1988. 

Not only did Trump defy all of the so-called experts, who were forecasting an electoral landslide of more than 300 electoral votes for Mrs. Clinton, as late as Tuesday afternoon, he has also effectively ended any future presidential aspirations on the part of the three ruling political families- the Bushes, the Clintons and the Obamas, who have held power since that same year of 1988. The dominance of these three families on their own respective parties, for longer than the last quarter-century, has been shattered on the rocks of a determined man- one who has never run for any political office, in his lifetime. 

In doing so, he also managed to raise the curtain of decades-long mainstream media collusion with Democrats, in general, and the Clinton family, specifically, and has forced even the most vaunted experts of presidential polling to admit the error of their ways, and their inability to read the sentiments of an American electorate. Once derided as a clown candidate, condescendingly laughed at and scorned upon by political and media elites who viewed him and his supporters as what Hillary Clinton once called a basket of deplorables, it was Donald Trump who had the last laugh, in the end.  

Today, the mainstream media speaks much about the need for Donald Trump to reach out, to mend fences and to engage his erstwhile adversaries- the Democrats and the NeverTrump Republicans, to join with him to form some kind of cooperative coalition as he enters into his own presidency.  In reality, Donald Trump should outwardly and cordially treat these adversaries with a sense of presidential decorum, truly, but never fall into the foolish trap of entrusting any of these entities with his pursuit of an agenda with which they have taken so much issue.  Having retained both houses of Congress, it is now up to the Republicans to work with Trump and start acting like an opposition party opposed to Democrats, instead of acting like Democrat-wannabes. Failure to do so will effectively end the Republican Party- a party whose beginning can be traced back to 1854.

Donald Trump is to be congratulated for an amazing win of historic and consequential proportions, but now the real work of all that he and his followers have sought, begins. It will not be easy to mend a broken nation and the challenges that he and the American people face will not easily be overcome. 

Most urgently, he must bring about the immediate demise of ObamaCare. In doing so, he must work with the Congress to replace it with a new system that is designed to serve patients first- one that is not coercive with the sword of the IRS, but rather a consumer-focused system where open competition amongst several insurance providers, across state lines, keeps the costs of coverage within the financial grasp of working Americans.

Second, he must secure the borders of this country, ensure that those entering the United States are carefully vetted to assure the public safety, and ensure that any and all immigration is managed legally, competently, and professionally.

Thirdly, he must immediately begin the process of replacing the late Associate Justice Antonin Scalia, on the Supreme Court of the United States.

In the longer view, President Trump will be tasked with bringing together a divided country, one compoundly fractured along racial, religious, political and economic lines. This will no doubt take longer, given the enormous chasms that separate Americans from one another, but this must nevertheless be in the back of Mr. Trumps mind in all of his decisions as he moves forward. With an emphasis towards American nationalism, so absent in the last twenty-eight years of an over-arching globalist agenda pursued by both parties, putting America and Americans first will go far in bringing the American people together, again.

There is much to do, Mr. Trump. On behalf of the American people, lets get startedbig league.

-Drew Nickell, 9 November 2016

 2016 by Drew Nickell, all rights reserved.

author of Bending Your Ear- a Collection of Essays on the Issues of Our Times
now available at Amazon
https://www.amazon.com/Bending-Your-Ear-Collection-Essays/dp/1633932907?ie=UTF8&ref_=asap_bc 
Signed and personalized editions now available at my website:
http://www.drewnickell.com
Follow my postings on the RSS feed: http://www.drewnickell.com/?feed=rss2
NO FRAUD, DEMOCRATS? REALLY? 
When you have to do this for your party to win, the people are telling you they don't want what you are selling...Click the link. Big brother is still in the house.


looking for the latest GARBAGE??? found here
Our beloved MILO was in heaven last night as "Daddy" won the American presidency. 

WATCH:
Be on the lookout:
The heavily liberal California is most likely seeking Calexit, while Oregon and Washington is brewing along California in secessionism.
NOW THE ZIONIST, GLOBALIST ILLUMINATI CONTROL FREAK TYPES WEIGH IN ON THE "NEWS" MEDIA...

David (Rodham) Gergan, Carl Rove, Ex presidents, heads of congress...

FINAL ADVICE TO PRESIDENT-ELECT DONALD J. TRUMP:

Remember always that the enemy has always been zionist, globalist illuminati types masquerading as "Progressives." These elitists are going to be trying to control your agenda, meaning the agenda of We The People, and they already control the military. Beware!

Your voters, We the Citizenry, do not wish to control the world. We wish to live dignified lives in an atmosphere of respect. We want opportunities to prosper, not the nanny state we just weened ourselves off of.

We want you to refine mechanisms for prosperity for the American citizenry, open up education so it is meaningful, dynamic and not revisionist or an indoctrination of love for big government. We do not wish to be debt slaves in a system in which we're lucky to save for ourselves ten percent of the fruits of our labor. We do not believe in a society based upon debt.

You have a chance, as the most powerful president this country has ever had, to be our champion. You make us proud, and we in return ...if allowed, will innovate and build the future itself, one great idea at a time.

We want to redefine what FREEDOM AND LIBERTY mean, because we have not felt free being spied on, treated like criminals by a militarized police state, lied to by "news" media, taxed to the point where we don't actually own property. This can be a turning away from oppression.

Bless you, Mr. President for selflessly sacrificing of your own treasure and time to love America enough to champion her citizenry. We are ready to make America GREATER than ever before.
*** HOT *** Get and interview >>> https://www.facebook.com/rachael.jarrett.1/videos/10211738582366534/
Stay off my thread!!!! I NEVER LIKED YOUR PAGE..........
Here's the WikiLeaks editor-in-chief's full statement...
I would personally like to thank you for all of the important information you have gotten out to the people all around the world during this USA election. Thank you for being true journalists and helping us stop the corrupt elites. xoxoxo!!!
Attention Trump supporters!
Please consider this. Please change your voter registration party preference away from the Republican Party. Ironically the Republican Party worked very hard to undermine and destroy Trump, we need to send them a message that their corruption will no longer be tolerated. They have been corrupt for far too long, many people joined recently to support Trump, not to support Republican Corruption, so we must now take our support for the corrupt away. They need to understand the importance of "We the People" and our disgust for their corruption and deceit. 
Please Like and Share, but most importantly, drain the swamp!
We all want whats best for this country, said Obama. Thats what I heard in Mr. Trumps remarks last night, thats what I heard when I spoke to him. directly, and I was heartened by that."
In spite of her crushing defeat, I thought Hillary gave a gracious concession speech this afternoon.  It might have been her best speech ever.  I hope that her supporters, everyone for that matter, heed her advice and truly help our country move forward.
Need Help Packing? 

60 Million Deplorables are MORE than Happy to Help!
London (AFP)  World stock markets recovered from a sharp initial downturn to maverick Republican Donald Trumps shock election win on Wednesday, quickly regaining their poise with surprising resilience.
Now that you have won by joined w/ Evangelicals, maybe you will accept a few words from Clergy about Ruling Fairly in America: While it troubles me to see, it appears to me not only that the Breitbart Yellow Journalist have run off w/ the Truth, but that also the Evangelicals have run away with authentic Christianity. Now the question for us who struggle for Community, for Justice, for Compassion & Inclusion with the Courage to be faithful to the Values in the Ministry of Jesus the Christ, need to forcefully and clearly confront the Evangelicals who are "False Prophets," who proclaim "Peace Peace when there is no Peace," who hand not the vital Fruit of Life & Love & Justice on the tree of our lives but who instead mimic & falsify the vacuous prayers of self-attention & greed in the place the Courage for Justice, Mercy, building the entire Community that will exclude no one as Jesus would have us do with Samaritan Woman at the Well recalling that it was the outcast Samaritan who restored the wounded, who healed the sick, helping us to see that Diversity makes all of us Better. As Reinhold Niebuhr taught us the Power of the Self-Interested can only be transformed thru the Power of Courage for Justice.
Here are a few of my reactions to the Trump victory going ff:
At the risk of recriminating there were many troublesome things about this Hillary/Trump election:
1. Breitbart, the scummy Yellow Journalists, who launched repeated attacks on Hillary w/o evidence - eg, Clinton's stole the White House Furniture & had to repay (proof?);
Hillary should be locked up for "Pay to Play" at Clinton Fo (proof?) wh/ led to the NYC FBI "Red Column" rage w/ Comey, undermining confidence & seeding anxiety of the voters & stoking Trumpers;
+ Breitbart understood the power of the Internet better than Dems
2. Bill on the place w/ Loretta Lynch - ill times;
3. Hillary taking the Goldman Sachs money - cd have gone to the Clinton Foundation;
4. Deplorables, white uneducated males, did not see a way forward & reacted in fear;
5. Uneducated white women voted for Trump 62%; a bridge too far;
6. The E-mail controversy was bullship from the beginning & was used by Republicans to beat up on Hillary; E-mail security is not the responsibility of the Secretary but of the Executive agencies charged with Security, such as NSA, CIA, or FBI: if there was an issue their job was to fix it from the beginning; As is often the case, as with Rebecca in the Bible being blamed for securing the Blessing for Jacob, the woman is blamed whereas the man would have been praised, Hillary was blamed for E-mails not her job;
7. Huma was the good Chief of Staff & the Good Wife to a fault, not calling on Security, such as FBI, to fix the E-mail problem, allowing Hillary to get into a position to take Goldman money & appear to be guilty of pay for play (I have been a Chief of Staff & the task is to keep the boss out of trouble), & while it is possible that Russia/Ed Snowdon (give him a pass; bring him home) were able to put E-mails on the Weiner computer, Huma should have made sure that she put distance between herself & Tony earlier;
8. The Donald is a pig & was a pig throughout the campaign, with a torrent of lies @ Hillary pouring from his rotten mouth, inflicting wounds that he constantly stirred, creating false accusation & false hope among many who are "deplorable" by their own doing via Heroin, Oxycontin, Cocaine (Donald better go into rehab for his Cocaine addiction before taking office), & failure to secure the education that is needed to enable White Uneducated Males and Females to learn in a dynamic, changing economy;
9. We now live in a time in which the possibility of a woman being President is much closer, while Trump as President & the Republican in Congress is like Faulkner's Family THE SNOPES, a collection of low class buffoons who are dramatically unsavory like White Trash in Appalachia living under their own trash, & like the Flannery O'Conner character of Hazel Motes from WILD BLOOD who is an itinerant Evangelical minister (all so vital to the dereliction of Hillary & Democrats) to a congregation in which "the lame do not walk & the blind do not see." Brace yourself. Courage.
Time for the criminal known as John Podesta to face the justice he deserves! #pagingjohnpodesta
Stephen K. Bannon, Breitbart CEO and CEO of Trump Campaign deserves some credit for this win.
Bye-Bye!
Never-ending gratitude to the Breitbart News Team!
You played to win...and you did. America thanks you!
Dear Republicans,
You ALMOST did it, you almost permanently divided the party so that the Democrats would never lose another election.
You DID win the House, Senate and Presidency. 
You will be under scrutiny like never before. 
We, the American people (of all parties, races, genders, incomes, sizes, religions) will be watching you very carefully. You will NOT be able to get away with politics as usual. The people who have been do-nothings, afraid to endanger their re-election plans, and just plain greedy will not be working in the dark. We Americans will be holding a spotlight on each and every one of you. DO YOUR JOB, and do it well.
Wishing you - and America - only the best.
The American Voter
The Internet has expoded in joy like never before ... more than Obama .... Its an Awesome Day in the USA .. Thank you Brietbart for fighting for America ... MSM is coming down - and you and your staff are taking its place. Be ready for it ;-)
I wanted to come on the show this morning, the first show after the victory last night, to just thank all the callers, all the listeners to the show, and all the people there at Breitbart. I think you can say your voice was heard last night, Bannon said. "Don't think people aren't listening to you."
 DEAR DIARY  09NOV2016......

I AM OFFICIALLY SAY THIS LOUD & CLEAR : Fuck you Obama! Fuck you Hillary! And Fuck you all who support these two pieces of SHITS.for giving up on our country, for selling our country and for making more & more & more DEBTS to all of our future generations to come. We have more than $23TRILLIONS DEBT!!!!....And everyday.EVERYDAY.there will be more than $1MILLION DEBT accumulating from it, just for The Interest (%) alone!!!!! Even 7 of our generations, our future children generations WILL NOT and CAN NOT pay off this debt!!!! So, I say it againF-U-C-K  Y-O-U!!!!!!!!! 

IT AINT GONNA HAPPEN MORE, FOLKS!....TRUMP WILL BRING OUR COUNTRY BACK!!!!!! WELCOME OUR 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA..DONALD J TRUMP. GOD BLESS USA. ~ ~ USA USA ~ ~USA USA ~ ~USA USA ~ ~USA ~ ~TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP  Pence  TRUMP
So I guess Qatar Saudi and Iran will now bomb us since Hillary can't cough up their donation bribes! "WHATS NEXT"
http://www.westernfreepress.com/2016/11/09/america-must-fight-great/ The election was just the beginning.
President-Elect Donald Trump's Hollywood Star, once a target of vandalism, is quickly morphing into a magnet for celebrants of America's 45th President of the United States.
...before their was Sarah Palin, and before there was the Tea Party, there was Breitbart. It started with you Andrew and your "righteous indignation".  My only regret this morning is that you have to watch from above to see how what you started helped to save our Nation. Thank you Andrew!
A Full on Repudiation of the Democratic Political Machine is talked about here by a Bernie Liberal  ,   
Thank you Breitbart for existing. For supporting America. For support Trump. For giving a voice to those who want to bring back to America, the standards of freedom, democracy, and prosperity that have been denied so many for so long.
I have to express my appreciation for all your hard work!!! Andrew is looking down on us! Thank you for carrying on his legacy for the American people and giving us an honest safe haven from the mainstream media. We love you!
Establishment Media just don't get it. Never have, never will.
They were wrong then, they'll be wrong forever. 
They don't understand We the People because they don't come from where we come from, experience the things we experience. They think we should be like them; we thank God we're not.
AMERICA WE DID IT OUR HARD WORK PAID OFF FINALLY WE HAVE A REAL AMERICAN DEPLORABLES GIVE IT UP.WE HAVE A MAN WITH MORALS AND CONVICTION!!!!
13 international Election Day media covers...
God Bless you Stephen Bannon! You are a true American hero! We know you played a huge role behind the scenes and Breitbart News helped get Trump over the line! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
not only riotng but the twitter and tumblr 'justice' squad has arrive.Now on full force , screeching for assassination....https://twitter.com/SexyTennille1 and a starting collection of threats https://ummquestion.tumblr.com/tagged/kill-president-Donald-Trump-threats
LOL!

"The loudest group consisted of students from a Black Lives Matter affiliate, a pro-illegal immigration organization, and from Islamic advocacy group who were upset that Huma Abedin was no longer going to be working at the White House."
Thank you, Peter Schweizer, for exposing Hillary and Bill in "The Clinton Cash." Thanks to all of the journalists who did not buy into the corruption.
While I am overjoyed and thanking God for the outcome last night, I am sobered by the reality that it was even as close as it was, that so many of our fellow countryman casted their vote for Hillary, after all that is known about her and her dealings. We've got a lot of work to do. I want us to come together as a nation, but it is the losers, whose vision for this country that was rejected resoundingly last night at the ballot box, who must come OUR direction, not the other way around. We shouldn't place any unnecessary obstacles in their path to doing so, and we ought to beckon them, but we should never, ever compromise on the fundamental elements of that vision and of those principles that propelled Trump to victory for America.-Jeremiah
Now that DONALD TRUMP has been elected all the trendy Hollywood "superstars" are threatening to leave America. Where shall they go? they wonder? Let's see--- Maybe Guatemala? How about Bangladesh? Singapore? Togoland? Sierra Leone? The Congo?  Maybe Trevor Noah would just choose to return to his native South Africa. How about it, Trevor? Katy Perry-- wouldn't you enjoy Swaziland? Or Nigeria, maybe? The Sudan?.......Or how about our friend to the south, Old Mexico?.....We'll sure miss you all!....You too Robert De Niro!
Seems to me, there was enough ugliness and vitriol on both sides of the aisle throughout this campaign to go around.   This country has never been so deeply divided than it has been in the last eight years.   I was never a fan of Obama, however, my Grandfather taught me respect for the office of the President.   I never walked about calling Obama names or his supporters just because I disagreed with their politics.   That is what America has become, but that is not what it is meant to be.   If we can no longer have disagreements without outright branding each other with this label or that one, we have lost our Nation.  I see it all around me and it breaks my heart.  That is not what good men fought and died for.  United we stand....we are falling...we are failing the legacy of our fathers.
thanks for all the truth this whole process.
Andrew would have loved seeing John Podesta last night. Angry and arrogant. The most corrupt and despicable creature walking this earth. You called it Andrew.
Why the USC Daybreak poll got Trump right: 


GOD HAS BLESSED AMERICA  "We the People " are going to make America Great again.. Donald Trump is GODS Man ..
GOD BLESSED US LAST NIGHT !! NOW AMERICA ITS TIME TO BE A LOVING COUNTRY AGAIN.I FEEL SAFE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 10 YEARS.
TRUMPSTERS, dont gloat, usa needs to heal, be a better people, be better than that.
 I hope trump doesnt seek revenge on her, let it go, her conscience (if guilty) will be enuf of a punishment. (not to mention revenge on a political opponent is against American policy, I believe it's illegal.)

Seek positive, seek jobs, health care, love people, LOVE ALL PEOPLE.
The American dream isnt revenge, its a better life for all (and anyone) who will try.

Prove youself trumpsters, we now have a chance.
Trump wins ! ; 
***BREAKING***

The Left descends into violence after historic victory of Donald Trump...
Thanks Breitbart for doing an outstanding job on reporting.  Be assured getting the word out during this election was instrumental.
772 people over 115 years old registered to vote just in Laredo.  
Beautiful. 


Progressives in Total Meltdown; Trash the American People as Racist...
My favorite was when NBC said " well I guess Stephen K bannon was right when he compared the election to brexit"
I didn't leave the DEMOCRATS........The DEMOCRATS left us.......But now we are back.......Now we are back.......(And THEY are gone!........--at least for a while).
DONALD J. TRUMP'S HAIR BECOMES 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!

Congratulations, Mr. President!
You're sleepy. You stayed up late watching the greatest presidential victory in American history.

These 25 Celebrity TWEETS will perk you up and have you laughing and smiling in no time!
I woke up today and told my children despite what you will HEAR these three things are facts of life : God is real, Donald Trump is the 45th President elect and everything will be ok. God bless America and God bless our family !

Here is the proof:

EXAMPLE OF LEADERSHIP:

We all owe HILLARY Clinton a debt of gratitude for he long service to the American People- Donald Trump

NOT ONE NEGATIVE STATEMENT ABOUT HER AND HE ASKED THOSE WHO OPOSED HIM FOR GUIDANCE AND UNITY!
Now that Mr Trump has won,the first thing we need to do is QUIT using the word FOLKS!!!!! Over eight years ago our GAY MUSLIM IN CHIEF coin`d the word and all the SHEEP adopted it. For over 200 years we were PEOPLE now maybe we can be PEOPLE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!
IF the news media and pollsters would come OUT of their IVORY TOWERS and mix with WE THE PEOPLE, you would not have been surprised at the results last night.  Just the fact that Donald Trump beat 16 other BIG TIME Republicans in the Primary should have been a clue.  Since BEFORE Obamas first election and for all the following years, -- UNLIKE ALL OF YOU -- I have been talking to people whom YOU consider NOBODIES, UNEDUCATED, OUT-OF-THE-LOOP, as well as their opposites.  Had you done that, you would not be in shock at the election results.  WE, who have worked night and day for his election were not surprised at his coup.
HOW MENELIKCC HELPED TRUMP CAMPAIGN WIN THE US PRESIDENCY IN JUST ONE HOUR
----- Before 8:27pm american time last night,the horse campaign was enjoying its highest lead while the elephant campaign was at its lowest.
Between 8:27 pm and 9:27pm,
the menelikcc justice kicked in.

And in just one hour, the american voters did a 360 degree turn, the horse and its riders in the CIA,FBI,MEDIA,US,UN,EU,WORLD,BANK,UK,etc lost.
The menelikcc justiceis not prayer,magic,social media or religion. Its superior skills helping  the helpless of the hurting humanity,already rigged out of their country`s  past,present and future possibilities by corruption,fraud,terrorism, religious and media deception.

Here is the simple email that helped win the alleged anti establishment presidential elections that surprised the already defeated trump, his son andthe ultimate loosers barack obama and hillary clinton.
-------------

Dear Menelik Cc, in Wisconsin it is state law that employees are allowed up to 3 hours on election day to take time out of work to go and vote. Most employees don't know that, and the same goes for employers. But we want to help.

We at Xyyyyy Zxxxxx have posted a form online for employees to provide to employers highlighting their right to take up to 3 hours to go vote.

 Right now you can download this form, print it out, fill in the information and provide to your supervisor. Any questions can be directed to us.

However, if you or someone you know plans on using your right to take time off to vote, you must inform your supervisor the day before the election (MONDAY!) 

So we recommend that you provide this form to remind them of your right to take time to vote

Click here to access the PDF form "Request for Voting Leave"

-- 
Xxxxx Xxxxxxx
Organizing Director
Xyyyy of Zxxxxx

PS: Have an issue or further questions? Just reply to this email and we'll try to help!
--------
MY REPLY AS SENT TODAY AFTER TRUMP`s TRIUMPHANT PRESIDENTIAL WIN
Hurrah  Hilary has been Trumped.   God bless him.
FB is ignoring my request to have Breitbart be the default to top page. They are livid with the results. Breitbart you are being repressed on FB. Let it be known
Once the celebrating is done, "we the people" have to focus on a very important issue. Our three letter federal law enforcement agencies are corrupt cowards, and that was proven by their own inaction. Courage should have prevailed within Law Enforcement, and it did not. How did all the lawlessness and corruption, illuminated in the email leaks, go unnoticed by our esteemed federal law enforcement agencies for so long?
Left Throws Obama Under the Bus
"We may look back and say Barack Obama was very good at getting Barack Obama elected, but he wasnt very good at getting his party members elected, and certainly wasnt very good at getting Hillary Clinton elected.
Now all you assholes can move to Canada...bye-
"BIGGER THAN BREXIT"
Nigel Farage proclaimed Trumps win as a victory for the little people, its the ordinary people [who are] rising up against an establishment that has done them down very badly over the course of the last couple of decades.
Breitbart thank you.  I stopped reading mainstream media months ago.  I've said since the polling figures were lies and the "news" was manipulated.  Today thanks to you I was proved right.
Keep up the good work.
Hey editors: some guy on the BBC called your site racist and antisemitic #electionday
The Huffington Post have discontinued their serial editor's note that branded Donald Trump a "racist," "misogynist," and a "xenophobe."
Where is Hillary?  No concession speech last night?? Better put a freeze on her bank accounts and passport! Just sayin 
#ClintonCorruption 
#LockThemUp
Ding Dong! The Witch is dead. Which old Witch? The Wicked Witch!
Ding Dong! The Wicked Witch is dead.
Wake up - sleepy head, rub your eyes, get out of bed.
Wake up, the Wicked Witch is dead. She's gone where the goblins go,
Below - below - below. Yo-ho, let's open up and sing and ring the bells out.
Ding Dong' the merry-oh, sing it high, sing it low.
Let them know
The Wicked Witch is dead!
Andrew I hope you're dancing in heaven today!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGLGzRXY5Bw
OK ALL YOU HOBBITS , SING ALONG!!!!!!!


THANK YOU BREITBART AND STEVEN K BANNON <3
America, let's keep praying for the new President and his beloved Country
I am from India. Congrats! Breitbart, you are a swimmer against the tide, a warrior who lives for what he loves, stands for what he believes. You are a gem. This election has proved it.
The FBI Criminal Investigation into Hillary Clinton's corrupt foundation continues. 

But is it also time for the IRS to likewise launch a criminal investigation? 

'Clinton Cash' investigative journalist Peter Schweizer says yes...
MEMO TO THE DONALD

I KNOW YOU WERE BEING POLITE LAST NIGHT -  BUT WE DO NOT!!! OWE HITLERY ANYTHING BUT CONTEMPT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AND A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR MUST BE ASSIGNED ON DAY ONE!!

                 IRS INTIMIDATION
                  BENGHAZI
                  CLINTON ESPIONAGE AND EMAIL SCANDAL
                  THE CLINTON FOUNDATION CRIMES
As a Consltitutional -Libertarian - Conservative (in that order) NOT! a Republican, my justifiable Hatred and Contempt for o
Crooked Hitlery was far greater than my love for The DOnald.  God Forgive me for the pleasure I take in another souls demise but Thank God for we may have a fighting chance.  When this began I stated two goals   The Total Destruction of the GOP RINO establishment (which is still not complete but a damn good start) and in the process The Clinton Crime family must become collateral damage!!!!!!!!  For good or for bad The DOnald was the vessel for that at this time.  I will let you know in 6-9 months is we will need to tar and feather The Donalds ass but for now take 2.5 secs to celebrate and get to work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Maybe we will start following The Constitution and start taking power away FROM ALL these sociopaths in DC where tthe tentacles reach into every aspect of our lives,  Then result results of  these national elections will not have such consequences to the local communities and we will all have a lot less anxiety!!!  The Joseph Goebbels Media is the next organization that needs to be disbanded but that will be done with technology not violence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for reporting the truth ... you should be on t.v.
The news media blaming the polls for banking on Hillary, as if we didn't know they were always in her back pocket. As Trump says, they are the most dishonest of them all.
Hillary supporters vow to move to Canada ; 
Clinton didn't show up to concede because of fear of sniper fire
Breitbart has just now became a major news organization! Congratulations!  You have been a vital component to this revolution!
Thank You Andrew Breitbart and all who continued the movement.   You are a HUGE part of helping Donald Trump becoming our next president and Making America Great Again!!!!!
To all those people leaving the country. Bye  . Don't come back.Take there citizenship and never let them work here and never let them set foot on American soil ever!!!
I wish Breitbart was around to enjoy the outcome of this election.
UNBELIEVABLE - BLACKS TOLD VOTE TICKET - CANDIDATE DOES NOT MATTER
Talk about drinking the 'kool aid'. Telling a young person they should vote a certain way because of their skin color and that it 'doesn't matter who's on the ticket', is just wrong. When you then abuse those who disagree with name calling or abusive language, this just further illustrates the absurdity of this. It always matters who the candidate is and it certainly matters what the platform addresses, whether Democrat or Republican. Any party trying to get you to lockstep with them and ignore issues, can't have your best interests at heart. We typically call these cults. 


I want you to know that I've done the Christian thing and tried to arrange travel for those celebs that want to go.

I would appreciate you using your broad reach to make this happen :) 


God bless Andrew Breitbart...he has a hand in Trump's election, and in breaking the back of the establishment
Crying over Hillary
Thanks Breitbart!
Steven k bannen  Mr Trumps press spokesman
Congratulations and best wishes to the 45th President of the United States Donald J. Trump!
Proud of our 45th President and Vice President. Counting the days until he moves into the white house. Thank you all. the community of breitbart, Breitbart news, All you fellow deplorables and even you paid clinton trolls for all the fun, rollercoaster moments, and the memories. Goodnight and God bless you all and God bless the USA.
Best Night. Just the Best Night. Our Country will heal now. We all Americans won tonight. CONGRATES PRESIDENT TRUMP AN VP MIKE PENCE / GOP  WON ALL 3 HOUSES
Andrew Breitbart, I wish you were still alive to see what you accomplished tonight. God bless you.
God Bless America. Thank you Lord for saving our country. 
DONALD TRUMP IS THE 45TH PRESIDENT OF THE USA!

Hit the pages LIKE button to stay informed! And use the INVITE FRIENDS tab to help keep America informed!

Stay Vigilant, Stand United!       III%

http://www.truthforamericans.org/donald-trump-is-the-45th-president.html
No Comment...
... WE DID IT!!! ...
Yes, Ohio! We did it! Congratulations, Mr. Trump! Can I have a job? I'm a dedicated highly qualified teacher who doesn't believe in the current education system.  Can I also have health insurance I can afford, so I can go back to the doctor and get healthy again? I'm so excited to see how much better and united our great country is going to be!
The 45th President of the United States Donald J. Trump
Victory - Mike Pence
THANK YOU PA 
Trump wins!!!!!!
Hillary Clinton has officially conceded defeat!
https://www.ebay.com/itm/162274561659
I think Hillary is sick again and can't come out and speak
Hillary Clinton no-show.

Defiant Clinton chairman John Podesta refuses to concede.
Election 2016 - Make America Great Again ; 
Donald Trump now has the authority of an election behind him. Its the biggest thing that you can have in a democracy. You cant  this is not an antiseptic event. This is now  he has the validation of the people.

"Obamacare is done. Dodd-Frank is done. Trade agreements are done.
Congrats to President Elect Donald Trump. For the record, I supported John Kasich, but regardless, Trump will be sworn in as President in January 2017. Both the Dems and GOP have a LOT of soul-searching to do. The Dems need to address their insider arrogance and the way in which they nominated an unqualified candidate, and the GOP, now led by Donald Trump, needs to go about the job of ACTUALLY governing, rather than hating on Hillary as their main hobby. The votes siphoned off by Gary Johnson should be a warning to BOTH parties. My advice: President Trump, put away twitter and get to work.
US PRESIDENTIAL SELECTION UPFATE: Its in the bag folks. Over one milion popular votes said it all. But there is still the matter of the 90 ballot boxes marked with SAME adress,funny names etc. Watch out for the virginia govrnor and hthe little trick he wanna pull off with 60,0000 plus those voters which were disenfranchised or delayed by official gov mis direction and much more.. Still experiencing cyber hack attacks...
"This is an ideological and electoral revolution of the kind we havent seen since Reagan. What this means, ideologically, is that Republican Party has become a populist party...."
"He is not going to be the speaker."
Dear Andrew Breitbart......WE DID IT!
A poem I wrote for Mr. Trump.  Ended up going viral... Thought I'd share here... 
Dear Mr. Trump, 
Tomorrow's the big day & you've done all you can. 
It's now in the hands of every woman & man! 
A fight to the finish you've done us proud, wherever you go you draw a crowd!  Bringing to light the issues at hand & all she can do is invite Jay-Z & the band!  We the people will not back down, over our dead bodies will this bitch wear the crown!!  Speaking of bodies how many will it take?!? Just how many laws can a person break??  Our Country & it's people have a chance, to come back to greatness were taking a stance!!  You've stepped into the ring & took one for the team, giving back our pride & the American Dream!  So THANK YOU from a daughter who's Dad is a Vet, together we stand with you America's best bet!!  #TRUMP #TRUMPPENCE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #Deplorables #Hannity #NEVERHILLARY
Trump victory party about to learn Pennsylvania called for Trump
Thank you, God!  Thank you, America....for stepping up to the plate.....thank you so so much!!!
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/11/09/hillary-clinton-headquarters-crowd-reaction-crying-leaving-keilar.cnn
DELAY; CHEATING ALERT   DELAY; CHEATING ALERT
Trump victory party
***BREAKING***

Republicans retain control of the Senate with victory in Pennsylvania.
America owes this man his freedom!

#FreeAssange SHARE THE HELL OUT OF THIS
Trump wins Pennsylvania, and the other two states, Michigan and Arizona still leading to Trump.
WATCH the Donald Trump Victory Party!
MSM would have called the election for Clinton at 10pm if she had 254 electoral votes!!!!
Sadly, Trump is losing New Hampshire to Hillary.
"This was a whitelash. This was a whitelash against a changing country. It was a whitelash against a black president, in part."

WATCH:
Thank you breitbart. I started listening to you when this all started. Unwaivering truth!
12;50 PM Megyn Kellly and Juan Williams Of  Falling Fox News have already started personal attacks on Donald Trump..Between the two of them they have lost more Fox viewers than anyone....
DEAR LIBERALS, THIS IS WHY THE DEPLORABLES TOOK BACK AMERICA TONIGHT

WAKE-UP AMERICA (written by S. Kivlighn, 2014) 

I am going to tell you what our leaders won't, so listen carefully young naive Americans wanting to change the world. Minorities, wanting a better slice of the American pie. Americans, just trying to survive paycheck to paycheck. And, even the Democrat party leadership that is currently being sacrificed for the 'plan'.

Americans now realize we have a President elected by illegal aliens being asked to protect our borders from an invasion of illegal aliens (Remember the ID fights? Even the dead were voting for Obama). Can anyone say 'Conflict of Interest'?

Americans now realize these invaders are really Obama's latest crop of voters. Obama moved too quickly and his inept handling tipped America off to the 'plan' to swell the Democrat base by flooding America with illegals and showed he is willing to sacrifice the 11 million plus illegal aliens already here...current Democrat leadership..every minority that voted for him...our allies, and every other American, to let these invaders in.

The existing 11 million plus illegal aliens already here now realize they are caught between having to compete for jobs like the rest of us and keeping their heads down, because any shot they had at staying in America is quickly dwindling. Obama's chances of forcing Congress into another amnesty deal are gone. They now realize the American money they used to pay for more family now arriving at the border, was probably wasted. Too many flooded the border too quickly. Obama's inept attempt to smuggle these invaders into Republican states brought too much attention.

Minorities wanting change and better opportunities now realize they've been Democrat pawns and are being sacrificed. Between the existing illegals already here and the invaders streaming across, 40% unemployment for their young is just the beginning.

Nearly hundred million unemployed Americans now realize badly needed jobs will increasingly be taken by both the illegals already here and the invaders  streaming across our borders... while a growing number of young Americans are forced to move back home, and 40% of some American communities, can not find jobs...We now know where millions of those jobs are going... Unemployed Americans now realize it is a lie that illegal aliens only take fruit picking jobs that no one else wants. 

Americans now realize Mexico is helping to ship these invaders to our border because of the money flowing back across the border. Don't open it. Let our 'friend', Mexico, take care of this 'crisis' using foreign aid we already provide. Use existing foreign aid to unite illegals in America with their families now outside our border and ensure the home country provides safe harbor and assistance for them in their home country.

Americans now realize Obama and other Democrats will say or do anything to get as many illegals into this country, as possible. We will be shown children with tears streaming down their cheeks, walking alone. We will be asked to just let families or children in... Anything to grow the Democrat base... 

Americans have had enough. We are now AWAKE. We will no longer stand by and watch while our children and grandchildren are exposed to increased crime, third world disease, and job loss so bad that 40% in communities can't find one. Where our grown children are forced to move back home. Where the world now perceives us as weak and a potential target. Where our allies, when under attack, can not count on our help as we begin dismantling our own defenses... Where our government is killing our own veterans...Where our media is so filtered, politicians fearing for political careers, are afraid to speak out...Where our government is trying to disarm us while increasingly putting our families in harm's way. Where our education system has become politicized and propaganda is taught and our electoral process is corrupt. We have had enough...

Ready to take America back? Pack those vehicles with Trump voters in November!!


Georgia: Trump 51% Clinton 45%
Wisconsin: Trump 49% Clinton 45%
Arizona: Trump 49% Clinton 45%
Michigan: Trump 47.77% Clinton 47.08%
Pennsylvania: Trump 48.25% Clinton 48.2%
New Hampshire: Trump 47.45% Clinton 47.44%
Please keep praying for MI to come through
Thank you Breitbart for helping save our country. You and a few others started on point and kept telling the truth. Please keep up the good work as we move forward.
