Kanazawa Shko was born with Down syndrome but is today one of Japans most acclaimed calligraphy artists. The love and warmth with which she was raised have helped to turn the tears of her childhood into the applause and adulation of fans worldwide.
Jimmy's powerful testimony begins with brokeness and despair... 
"I learned not to get attached to anyone. What's the use of getting close to people if you're just going to have to leave them or they're going to leave you, sometimes without even getting to say goodbye?"

But with the love of a stranger, his life filled with hope and purpose!
"Lots of people helped me along the way. But I would never have believed in myself enough to try to make it in the music business if an elderly stranger hadn't seen a human being behind the tangled hair and tattoos and believed in me first. Bea gave me a home  and saved my life."

Are you that stranger, feeling called to show a child what true hope and love looks like?
While Bubba is passionate about golf, family is the legacy he cares about most. And adoption has made that family possible. That's why Bubba and Angie serve as spokespeople for the National Council for Adoption and use their platform to encourage others to consider adoption.

"Adoption is the best part of my career," Bubba says. "I've always said my trophies will rot away. God gave me golf so we could try to change two beautiful kids' lives."
Amen!
When we adopted Daniel from Russia at age 11, we learned he had witnessed his father's death and been abandoned by his alcoholic mother. I'm sure Satan wanted to continue the destruction of that family, but with our loving support, help from therapists and a new faith, Daniel began to heal.
Sweet baby wants all the love!
The joy on his face!! <3
What can you do to help guide your friend away from abortion and toward choosing life for her baby? More than you might think.

Begin with love, care, acceptance and emotional support.
"Usually we parents dont write posts like these. Sometimes our silence comes from a desire to protect our childrens stories (and Im not sharing many details for that reason). Often, though, our own shame is driving. And? Sometimes well-meaning friends reinforce that with judgment."

So how can you love families dealing with their childrens mental health issues?
Above all, love each other deeply. 1 Peter 4:8
Is an unborn baby a human? If yes, why?

As much as pro-abortion advocates might try to say otherwise, it actually isn't hard to make the case that preborn babies are humans who deserve life. ~ http://bit.ly/FocusProLifeST
But Scotts response to this latest medical setback isnt borne of a glib comedic temperament. Instead, its rooted in his deep and abiding faith in Jesus Christ. In fact, considering the way Scott has managed the various tribulations that have beset him, I think there are five things he can teach us about the unpredictable twists and turns of life...
Mandys Story

Our daughter was prenatally diagnosed with a severe case of Amniotic Band Syndrome that would ultimately take her life. I ended up delivering our sweet Ava Grace at 21 weeks to the day on Sunday, October 16th. She was born an angel baby. The severity of her defects were just as bad as we were told they would be, if not worse. She had the cranial defects with anencephaly, we could see the outline of where her eyes should've been, but none were there, a midline facial cleft, severe spinal deformity, chest wall defect with most of her heart exposed, gastroschisis, her right forearm was not connected to her elbow, and she had only 3 fingers on her right hand. Despite all of this, she was the most beautiful thing I've ever laid eyes on. I am glad I didn't choose abortion. I chose to carry her instead, and was able to at least spend a few minutes with her. I felt as if I was being pressured to have a D&C over the weekend, instead of labor, but I would choose to have her a million times over. Had I not, I would have never gotten the chance to touch her, or see that she had my hands and feet, which makes me smile. My heart is broken in a million pieces and I'm not sure how to move on from here, or if we will try again, but I am thankful for my supportive friends and family. I hope that sharing this story helps someone else in the process.
A new generation, one largely influenced by popular culture and bent toward a liberal belief system, is increasingly pro-life. These young people, known as millennials, no longer blindly buy into longstanding arguments about shapeless blobs of tissue developing in utero. Thanks to advances in technology such as fetal surgery and 3-D imaging, we now have a vivid window into the lives of the preborn  into the womb itself. Indeed, many millennials grew up seeing ultrasound pictures of fully formed younger siblings, and they have a new understanding about when life really begins.
Many people wish the abortion debate would just go away. Theyre tired of the controversy and name-calling played out almost daily on social media. Theyre turned off by harsh rhetoric and careless labels, not to mention constant political bickering. 

Perhaps you feel this way. You have a heart for the preborn, but have yet to act on your pro-life sentiments. You want to do something, but see only two options -- pick a fight or avoid the issue in polite company! 

But theres a third optionget equipped, pray and engage!
10 Deaf Children, 1 Powerful Message!
"I chose to save their lives and now they are saving the lives of others."
November is National Adoption Month! Do you want to learn more about adoption from foster care? Join Wait No More on November 12th in Kentucky!

Register here: https://kentuckywaitnomore.eventbrite.com
"For the Christian pro-life advocate, success will not merely be a reality if the Supreme Court decides to change its mind. Success is faithfulness. A liberal Supreme Court can hand down decision after decision, yet Christians press on to save innocent lives. Even if the day were to arrive when every justice on the Supreme Court became pro-abortion, Christians continue to love, to pray, to speak, to adopt, to provide ultrasounds, to propose bills, to march, to expose fraud, to counselall because we have a God who will make all wrongs right in the end, and because he has already made right our wrongs, including past abortions, through his Sons atoning death on the cross."
Such a beautiful story of adoption! November is National Adoption Month... what's your story?
Being pro-life is about being a voice for all life. From the formation of a child's first tiny cell to life's final breath, all life has dignity and value because each and every one of us is made in the image of God. It's not just a political issue, it's a world view. It's a way of looking at each human life that transcends culture, class, race, age, and opinion, knowing that we are all uniquely created in the image of God.
"Love, kindness and hope are one size fits all." <3
"I figured what better theme than superheroes for those little preemies that fight so hard,'' Katie Windsor told TODAY. "They really are superheroes, so it was perfect."
The life-changing beauty of seeing that precious heartbeat for the first time <3
"I am valuable because I exist. Not because of what I do or what I have done.
I am not a burden to society  My life is worth living with respect and dignity."
Wow! Sometimes life's biggest blessings come in the form of a surprise!
3,300 families have begun adoption proceedings through Wait No More, an initiative created by Focus on the Family. "The issue of solving foster care is becoming a movement," says FOF's Kelly Rosati. Learn more at icareaboutorphans.org.
3lbs. 14oz. of pure joy!
Incredible!
What a sweet sweet blessing <3 Thank God for the doctors who provided this momma an option that wasn't the suggestion of termination.
168 children! What an incredible blessing this family has been to so many!
Every stage of life is precious... sweet sweet baby!!! <3
What a precious sight!
"So why were so many people excited about the life inside of me and not the life inside of her? And can you really be in support of one life and not be devastated about the loss of the other? I dont think you can be.

And my hope, my earnest prayer, is that you would see the magnificent design for each life, convenient or not, and that every soul would be celebrated because they are life with a hope and a future."
When Oakley found out her newborn son, Welles, had Down syndrome, she was overwhelmed by the news. She struggled for the first month, unsure how to raise a child with Down syndrome. But as her son grew, Oakleys strength, positivity, and pure love for her son compelled her to become an advocate for him through her blog Nothing Down About It.
Many people wish the abortion debate would just go away.

You have a heart for the preborn, but have yet to act on your pro-life sentiments. You want to do something, but see only two options -- pick a fight or avoid the issue in polite company! 

But theres a third optionget equipped, pray and engage!
"The Pro-Life Community is Needed Now More than Ever"

Absolutely!
We dont believe that a diagnosis of Downs syndrome should be a reason for termination. Nobody has discussed it with adults with Downs syndrome, many of whom can now read and understand the issues and realise that a a group there is a large proportion, particularly in the medical community, who think their lives are not worth living. There has never been a public ethical debate. I think there definitely aught to be a debate. - Professor Sue Buckley OBE, Down Syndrome Research International
"I can't wait to put them beside each other and them see each other," said Christian, their father. "To be honest, I'm just so excited and anxious to see that moment. That's going to be a great day."

Nicole said her family also couldn't have made it this far if it weren't for their faith. "Without God we would have unraveled many, many months ago," she said. "People say we have handled this situation with grace, but it's with God's grace that we continue on."
Learn how to be a voice for life at Evangelicals for Life in Washinton D.C. on January 26-28. Get tickets by Nov. 30 for best rates -- $119 individual / $89 group or student.
Because there is nothing down about it <3
Sweet baby! The possibilities are endless of where each new baby may go, who they will become, and what they will accomplish.
Such a precious gift to Charlotte and her family!
Absolutely heartbreaking. This is why it is so important that we take a stand for life, that we speak up for all life, and that we give love and support.
It's Down Syndrome Awareness Month and this little girl has something to share with you about having Down syndrome!
The abortion pill reversal process is a huge development in the pro-life movement!
"And almost everyone said the same thing.  "I'm so sorry".

That's such a strange response to the birth of a child.  Maybe they were just sensing the confusion in my voice or more likely, they didn't know what to say.  I didn't and don't think anything negative about their responses. I probably would've said the same thing in their shoes.  It's what society has told told them - told all of us... ...awe, you didn't get a regular baby... you got something less... a burden that will last a lifetime.  And I get it it.  That's the messaging that is out there most I think.  But it's wrong."
Wow! Beautifully raw and authentic conversations with families that have been blessed by Down syndrome.
This is great news! 

As Kelly stated, "Risk is inherently associated with bad outcomes." Removing the negative language from a Down syndrome diagnosis will greatly remove the influence of fear in the mother receiving the diagnosis for her child, likely resulting in less terminations.
An incredibly powerful testimony! This is what it means to be pro-life.
A pro-life consensus.
"I knew I wanted a family. That's all I've ever wanted my whole life."
Sweet sweet sisters!
Demands to quash and abolish this amendment go against the Good News that the life of every person is sacred and inviolable, irrespective of the stage or state of that life  from the first moment of conception until the moment of natural death.
Incredible ability can be found if you provide the opportunity.

She has found a way of expressing herself that is so beautiful, Carter-Johnson said. We wanted to share it and thereby raise awareness of her condition, which is currently affecting around 100,000 children in the U.K.
"Current research displays that 74% of people who get the prenatal diagnosis of Down syndrome terminate the pregnancy, leading to a 30% reduction in total babies born with Ds (from 2006-2010)."

And that is why we are so grateful for families like Jack's who are working tirelessly to show the world what a blessing a baby with Down syndrome truly is.
As much as pro-abortion advocates might try to say otherwise, it actually isn't hard to make the case that preborn babies are humans who deserve life. ~ http://bit.ly/FocusProLifeST
The miracle-working power of God. Doesn't get much better than that!
A beautiful tribute to life!
No state should attempt to rob women of the freedom to choose a pro-life doctor, but that is the choice that Illinois is eliminating by mandating that pro-life physicians and entities make or arrange abortion referrals. To make matters worse, the state did this by amending a law designed specifically to protect freedom of conscience, said ADF Senior Counsel Matt Bowman.
Such an incredible gift!
As we celebrate Down syndrome awareness this month, it is important that we speak to, about, and with those with Down syndrome with dignity and respect.
Did you know?

"Dr. Bernard Nathanson died of cancer at age 84 in 2011. He was a founding member of NARAL (originally known as the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws).

After abortion became legal in 1973, Nathanson operated the largest abortion business in the Western world.  He was responsible for the deaths of 75,000 unborn babies. In his 1996 autobiography, The Hand of God: A Journey From Death to Life by the Abortion Doctor Who Changed His Mind, he admitted that NARAL had fabricated  statistics and polls to the public and media to win support.

Nathanson had helped procure an illegal abortion for a girlfriend and later performed one himself on a second girlfriend. After aborting his own child, the only emotion he felt was pride at a job well done.

With the advent of ultrasound technology in the 70s, Nathanson saw the humanity of innocent unborn babies fighting for life in their mothers wombs.  He left the industry in 1979.  Working in the pro-life movement, Nathanson came to believe that such passion could only come from a higher call.  It led to his conversion to Catholicism. Cardinal John OConnor baptized Nathanson in St. Patricks Cathedral in December of 1996."

Read about many other transformations here:
Great news!
There was a time when Heath White chased perfection. E:60's Tom Rinaldi tells the story of a how the birth of a girl with Down Syndrome led to the re-birth of a man who thought he had everything, until he discovered the joy of pushing Paisley.
In celebration of Down Syndrome Awareness Month, we wanted to share this sweet story!

What a wonderful way to celebrate a new life together!
Being pro-life is about being a voice for all life. From the formation of a child's first tiny cell to life's final breath, all life has dignity and value because each and every one of us is made in the image of God. It's not just a political issue, it's a world view. It's a way of looking at each human life that transcends culture, class, race, age, and opinion, knowing that we are all uniquely created in the image of God.
Amen!
Join us! #EFL2017
What a precious gift! And that smile is all the reward anyone could have asked for <3
An extraordinary way to show that we value all life is by serving God alongside those with special needs!
Allison was sustained not only by her family, but by her faith. I know that the Lord gave me a peace beyond my understanding during this time, and there was such a stillness and a quietness before the Lord. I did not know what to expect. I didnt know what is usually done in this situation. All I knew is that I didnt want to rush the hand of God. I didnt want to move out of fear or doubt, but out of trust in Him. I knew He was right there with me. I knew that He was weeping with me. I knew that I could trust Him.
Praise God that Pearl's parents chose to give her life! What a blessing all 3 are <3
Join us as we come together to be voices for all life!

Learn more at www.Evangelicals.Life
Four blessings! Will you join us in praying for the health of sweet Angel, who has been dignosed with anencephaly, as well as Angel's siblings and their sweet parents?
One of the best touchdowns yet!
Incredible testimonies of grace and redemption! We each have a story to tell. What is yours?
All of us are called to respect life and care for it, he said during a trip to Poland in July. On the other hand, it is the responsibility of the State, the Church and society to accompany and concretely help all those who find themselves in serious difficulty, so that a child will never be seen as a burden but as a gift, and those who are most vulnerable and poor will not be abandoned.
With the Berlin march for life, we call the German society and politics to take action to really prevent and avoid abortion and to better help unplanned pregnant parents in need, the pro-life coalition said in a statement online. We are also deeply concerned about the silent increase of acceptance of euthanasia in Europe, as it is already being practiced again in some countries.
So incredibly sad and unfortunate. Pray for Belgium, and every other country, to take a stand for all life at all stages.
Because every family needs love and support!
Lord Alton, a crossbench member of the British House of Lords, also responded to the rise in abortions: Aborting a baby with a cleft palate should be unconscionable. For the law to allow this up to birth should be unthinkable.
College-aged women are unfortunately highly targeted by the abortion industry. Kamaria took a stand to make a difference for future students who may face an unexpected pregnancy and want to continue their education. Well done!
Rosie and Ruby were born conjoined, and with a low expectation of survival. They not only survived, but are now thriving as they continue to show the world that every life has value.
"Continue to remember those in prison as if you were together with them in prison..." Hebrews 13:3
A huge blessing... a light amidst the darkness. Great news for our friends in Baton Rogue!
Rory Feek is continuing to honor his wife's courageous and inspirational journey... a beautiful celebration of such a beautiful life.
But in humility count others more significant than yourselves. 
Philippians 2:3
A salute! How cute!
To share, and even celebrate, our differences... that is what Jesus has called us to do.

As I have loved you, so you must love one another. John 13:34
"How many beautiful souls have you missed, because you didnt want to miss being with beautiful faces?" To love equally, to see value beyond appearance - this is what it means to be pro-life.
So so sweet!
From homelessness and foster care, to first homes and the loving support of community, these students are being encouraged and empowered to succeed. Possibly for the first time, they feel loved and valued. This is what it means to be pro-life.
The American Church should be humbled.  
The UMCs votes should give us hope.
We should be encouraged to stand firm.
Each and every life, no matter ability or location, has been gifted and is indespensable.
"Our generation has opportunity like never before to be light in a dark, uncertain time in history. Countless human lives are at risk from abortion, abuse, preventable disease, orphan status, terrorism, human trafficking, malnourishment and refugee status  but we can help bring life and light, through both prayer and action."

Join us at Evangelicals for Life 2017! 
http://www.evangelicals.life/
Being the hands and the feet of Jesus in the hard places - this is what it means to be pro-life.

"I can tell you that NOTHING will fill your heart with more joy, than seeing someone affected with leprosy laugh, smile and giggle with joy as they received their new lights!!"
We need to be praying for these women who are facing such uncertainty. Pray for wisdom, for faith, and for grace.
Yes!
"The pro-life movement celebrates human life at both ends of the spectrum. We fight for the right to life of unborn children who are targeted by abortions and we fight just as passionately for the elderly and disabled who are targeted by assisted suicide and euthanasia."
"Live loved today.

In other words, I have to approach today with the assurance that God loves me. I dont have to feel it. I dont even have to think I deserve it. But it is real and so I can take it as truth.

I am loved by God. 

Theres nothing I can do to make Him love me more and His forgiveness isnt [based on my performance] and His grace is so vast that theres nothing I can do to make Him love me less." ~ Lysa TerKeurst - http://bit.ly/2b0jbnJ
There is grace... 
There is peace... 
There is comfort... In His will.
Such a sweet and emotional reaction from this soon to be big brother!
These employees are adding value in their communities. God calls us as a community to see their inherent value and provide equal opportunity.

"Since they prioritized hiring disabled workers in their distribution centers, they've seen rises in productivity and safety. At the same time, they've had drops in absenteeism and turnover."
Freedom in Christ, no matter location or what your sin was, is available if we seek and ask. God's redemptive love can overcome all.

"...And so I treated my first steps as if they were my last mile, and I realized that you dont have to be free in order to experience freedom.
An incredible truth!
What an impactful way to add value through a beautiful union of community!
We have to first value the women... They deserve love, respect,and dignity.
Join us as we come together to be voices for life!
Your purchases help those in need receive life-affirming resources. You can make a difference!
Absolutely!
You are not a mistake. No child is ever a mistake. We are each one of His many masterpieces!

For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
 Jeremiah 29:11
"Working alongside this population has been one of my greatest joys in life. Every expectation we had has been exceeded." 

This is what it looks like to find and reciprocate value in every life!
"You're a piece of God's own daydreams... A reflection of aching joy... You are beloved."
Amen!
There is a glaring hole in our fight against abortion. It is found in our churches among the quiet pre-service whispers as she walks by. It is heard at Sunday dinner as her name bounces back and forth across the table among interjections like, But she comes from such a good family! It is seen in the averted eyes and not-so-subtle head wags. Wait you havent heard? Shes pregnant!
A touching act of love from this sweet boy's community. We are called to stand in the gap, to be the hands and feet of Jesus, and to love on others just as He loves us.
So much inspiration from such a little boy! His attitude of gratitude is absolutely contagious <3
These art pieces around the world are incredibly beautiful and moving. 

Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations. Jeremiah 1:5
Solome Sekimuli in front of her home in Luweero, Uganda. After her husband died, a gang of men stormed the house and claimed it as their own in a practice known as property grabbing.

Im brave, strong, and firm, she said. I will win this. - Solome

Pray for Solome and women like her. #NationalWomensEqualityDay
May her life remind us all of the beauty and value of life no matter ones size, ability, or location.
"Listen to the Holy Spirit. He's probably not going to tell you to address every sanctity of life issue in your city." -Nathan Lino on how churches can address pro-life issues.
But are we ready to act? As a Christian body, are we pro-life enough not only to picket Planned Parenthood sites, but to support biological mothers and fathers in parenting the children they do not feel equipped to parent? And are we prepared to support families (financially and otherwise) who choose to adopt these precious children? Will we serve them in sacrificial ways?
Amen!

~ for we walk by faith, not by sight ~ 2 Corinthians 5:7 ~
"Thank you for making a doll like me!"

Such a simple modification gave this little girl such a wonderful feeling of pride and value <3
Our perfect Father <3
Its important because every single life has a value and a purpose, said Brandon Buell. Jaxon is showing that even against all odds, miracles can still happen. Even if it looks bleak, every life should be valued and celebrated, and every life has purpose.
A beautiful example of God's unconditional and redemptive love <3
Zika: This is a pro-life issue.

"If we believe that these unborn lives are inherently valuable and deserve societys protection, then it would be unconscionable for us to withhold our protection against this virus if we had the means to do so."
Such a beautiful and selfless act of love, and all for a stranger! <3
Truly incredible ability!
God makes no mistakes, and we can take comfort in knowing His sovereignty <3

"For you formed my inward parts; you knitted me together in my mother's womb. I praise you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are your works; my soul knows it very well." Psalms 139:13-14
These boys orchestrated a life-changing moment for an important player on their team, as well as for themselves. 
These fathers are being given more than second chances, they are being given hope and purpose. What a wonderful example of God's grace!
Are disabilites always limitations? Or perhaps an opportunity to uniquely excel?
You are loved!

"For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord."
Romans 8:38-39
What a cutie!! 

But you, O Lord, are a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love and faithfulness.
Psalms 86:15
To be able to pay it forward in such a beautfiul way is absolutely incredible <3
Sometimes the need is different than we had envisioned, but still just as important. What a gift these officers were to this elderly couple in their community!
Are you in Pennsylvania, or nearby? September 10th come and learn about the 2,000 kids waiting in the Pennsylvania foster care system for a forever family. 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wait-no-more-pennsylvania-registration-26485595128
My deepest prayer is that as a body of believers, our attitudes would shift and our hearts would change as we work through this important issue. May we create an environment where we embrace those who are struggling and in pain rather than push them away. May we learn to be transparentbut more so, to accept the transparency of those around us.
Hope Meadows is creating a beautiful opportunity for both adoptive families and the elderly to come together and support each other through strengths and needs. And what an encouragement to see other communities sprouting up with the same heart and passion, but for those with disabilities or for single mothers.
What a precious way to see her wedding gown be repurposed and used in such a meaningful way <3
The power of a mother's love and God's grace gave this sweet boy a chance at life!
This sweet mom selflessly gave to honor her son <3
God created our bodies and our minds. Mental health issues dont catch him by surprise. As his people, lets not act surprised when they show up in our lives or churches either.

So how can you love families dealing with their childrens mental health issues?
"There are 21.3 million refugees, half of whom are children and many of whom are brothers and sisters, with no home, no stability, and no hope.

We are called, like Jesus, to be with and to serve the most vulnerable. In this case, serving the most vulnerable includes speaking out for the millions whose voices are drowned out in political debates."
Feelings are transient, but faith is to be steady. 

But God used that exceedingly painful and unwanted period to continue teaching us that we live by faith, not by feelings."
"Some days, I don't have the strength or self-confidence to keep going. But I push on, knowing that I have a power source stronger than the grip of autism. The same God who has called me to this grand adventure gives me strength for the journey."
And yet, I would still affirm that adoption and foster care remain unimaginably hard, and God is still calling the church to care for orphans.
When she found herself alone and afraid, Becky didn't know what to do, who to trust, or where to turn.
Ella, a world wheelchair-skating champion, doesnt let her disability slow her down. And she understands why suicide is no less tragic for the disabled than it is for the able-bodied:

I believe we are all made in [Gods] image and likeness, she writes. if our value comes from God, then nobody has the right to say someone who walks is worth more than someone who doesnt.
Are we as church called to care for orphans? You bet. Are we expected to use the gifts and talents entrusted to us to support families who respond to such a noble calling? They should expect nothing less!
Physician Assisted Suicide

The pro-life community is not alone in this fight. Disability rights, mental health advocates, elder abuse advocates, faith communities, medical and nursing professionals and others are working together to defeat this dangerous legislation, the panelists said.
To create enough space in my thoughts to be fully present and make contact with her heart.
To do justice today is to follow the widow and the abolitionists example and work to undo the ways that we, in our fallen humanity, deny access and opportunities (economic, political, social, etc.) to the vulnerable.
When Hope is Multiplied
"Our identities must be, first and foremost, rooted in Christ." 
- Dr. Tony Evans
Since our son's adoption eight years ago, I've become convinced that healthy self-acceptance develops when the reality of his experience is recognized, embraced and celebrated within our culturally blended family.
You are not alone. Your life matters. And it is absolutely worth living. 

"...while its hard (and risky) to be transparent, its Gods story to tell, not ours to hide."
"It was bittersweet, it was just very bittersweetthe process of labor and the process of delivering and just feeling love that I've never felt before. It rocked me. And so when the moment came for me to say goodbye and hand him over to the social worker, it was the hardest thing Ive ever done."
Abortion gets presented to us as if its something women want; both pro-choice and pro-life rhetoric can reinforce that idea. But women do this only if all their other options look worse. Its supposed to be her choice, yet so many women say, I really didnt have a choice.
Encouraging news in Mexico!
These foster parents are giving this group of siblings such a priceless gift!
Community taking care of community <3
"You are more than your sin. You can break free from it. That doesnt have to define you. And God still loves you, and he can and will still use you to do great things."
Amazing to see God's favor unfold! This conversation was just this past January and as of yesterday the Harris County District Attorneys office moved to dismiss all remaining charges. Praise God!
Adoption is beautiful, and hard. It is in those difficult moments that God is able to remind us that He is the rescuer. He is in control, and He loves us so deeply. 

"The only way a family is made through adoption  is for someone to lose a family first..... Adoption isnt picture perfect  adoption is a picture of the Gospel."
Abortion is not the answer. Love. Compassion. Support. These are the things that will change their stories for the better. 

"...women who underwent an abortion after a diagnosis of anencephaly were significantly more likely to suffer depression than those who continued with pregnancy."
This father is making a difference in his child's life and in his community, what an inspiration!
This is a great article from the American Academy of Pediatrics about the importance of fathers!
Currently there are approximately 36,000,000 slaves in the world. Let that number sink in for a minute.  Will you join the movement to help end slavery? Will you be an ambassador for your church? Freedom Sunday is September 25th. Take a stand. Change a life. Make a difference.
Scripture tells us that God holds all of our days in His hands, from conception to a natural death (Psalm 139)
Photographer Stephanie Smith is using her passion and profession to celebrate the beauty of children with special needs <3
"To be pro-life is to value all life, regardless of who they are, ones contribution to society or his/her relationships with others...We value not just the unborn, but all people, because they are made in the image of God (Gen. 1:26) and have immediate value based on that alone."
It always seems too early until its too late.
To the newly bereaved parent, you are not alone.
Sarah was engaged to a man for several months, and just weeks after breaking off the engagement, she learned she was pregnant.  Sarah was devastated, and whats worse, her ex-fianc told her he wanted nothing to do with Sarah and nothing to do with the baby. Her experience followed the clich perfectly  he told her to get rid of it."
Simply talk to Him...
Tong's work in his community has both honored and saved lives, what a great accomplishment!
How can churches best resource parents of children with disabilities?
As adoptive and foster parents, we want our kids to heal, to find hope in Gods promises, and to know that even before they were welcomed into our family, their lives had value.
"...neither our fears for today nor our worries about tomorrow - not even the powers of hell can separate us from God's love." Romans 8:39
Such an incredible gift to everyone involved! <3
Conscience Protection Act Passes House!
Its really interesting seeing other women come in with that same fear and anxiety and telling them, I promise you, it will be OK. Then they come back and post photos of their babies and say, I just didnt know Id love them like this.
Studies show that as many as 95% of special needs families are outside the church. This is why a ministry to parents of children with special needs is so instrumental and needed in our churches.
From the formation of a child's first tiny cell to life's final breath, all life has dignity and value because each and every one of us is made in the image of God. And that is why when we talk about being "pro-life," it's not just about a political issue. It's a world view...it's a life-view. It's a way of looking at each human life that transcends culture, class, race, age and opinion.
These sweet brothers saw a need and decided to be the hands and feet of Jesus and meet it.
So so sweet!!
Be a voice.
This adoptive familys first time meeting is absolutely raw and beautiful!
No one can be sure how long a child with a condition that will limit their life will survive. But whether it is minutes, hours, days, or months, their short lives have infinite value.  Mr. Cosgrave
Jerome Lejeune, discover of the genetic cause of Down syndrome, was very disturbed that his discovery was going to be responsible for a medical holocaust. Even though Lejeune knew it would cost him professionally, he chose to stand for life and traveled tirelessly defending the value of life from the very beginning. 

The King will reply, 'Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.' Matthew 25:40
But I knew there had to be more to her life than 39 weeks inside of me. She held not just the potential to save another baby, but to save another parent as well. 

This is how I get to parent her. I get to be her mom by sharing her story. She was never able to take a breath on this earth, but she lives on through this. Slifka
The battles for religious liberty, the sanctity of life, and marriage and family are, by their very nature, long battles The disheartening harvest we see being reaped in America was planted over seventy years ago, and we cannot expect to undo all of that quickly or easily. 

We also must not overlook the victories God has given in the past few months, or minimize the influence of those victories...  Jane Scharl
Amen!
Epping provides a lasting memory for these parents (and many more), something to hold on to and embrace in the hard times. A priceless gift that honors life.
Supportive adoptive parents and a brave birthmother make Claires story both heartwarming and powerful, grab the tissues!
Being pro-life means that we believe every person is created in the image of God. Whatever the situation may be, we must recognize the pain others experience and engage in healing the deep divide that exists between God's creation. We must advocate for the dignity and sanctity of all life, because every life matters to God.
The New Mexico Supreme Court reverses an activist lower court decision that created a "right" to assisted suicide in the state, holding that calling it "aid in dying" doesn't disguise what it really is. Assisted suicide is prohibited by state law.

The Supreme Court also said that one purpose of prohibiting assisted suicide is to protect vulnerable persons - the poor, the elderly, and the sick - from subtle coercion and undue influence in end-of-life situations.
Wise words and direction from our friend Dr. Russell Moore:
"(People) assume that if they do not harbor personal animus against those of other ethnicities then there is no race problem. We do not take the same view (and rightly so) when it comes to abortion. Thats why we rightly object to the pro-choice bumper sticker that reads, Dont like abortion? Dont have one." Read more...
Being pro-life is about being a voice for all life. From the formation of a child's first tiny cell to life's final breath, all life has dignity and value because each and every one of us is made in the image of God. It's not just a political issue, it's a world view. It's a way of looking at each human life that transcends culture, class, race, age, and opinion, knowing that we are all uniquely created in the image of God.
Love, compassion, kindness.
I have sojourned with joy, anger, thankfulness, anxiety, confidence, and confusion, and I have come to settle down with the idea that love has room for all of my big feelings. I get to continue in love for the child I gave in love. Love is a place I can find rest.  Michelle
The Government of Ontario has pledged to spend $72 million over four years in an effort to combat human trafficking.
This is what CNN's Brooke Baldwin wanted to know: "Why are you and your team there in #Fallujah, risking your lives?"

The answer is simple: "Because we go to the hard places, the places no one else will go, to love the ones that no one else will love. These 86,000 men, women, and children who are starving in the desertwe're out there, trying to get them the food, water, and shelter that they desperately need. They're the same kinds of things that you and I would want if we'd been driven from our homes and forced to live in these nightmarish situations."
Great news in Minnesota!

"...confirming the success of life-affirming laws that provide women with abortion information and alternatives and empower them to choose life for their unborn childrenand themselves."
"Maybe this is what we all wantto find the spot where we belong, and to know that others will hold us up in it." - Emily Colson

But our bodies have many parts, and God has put each part just where he wants itIn fact, some parts of the body that seem weakest and least important are actually the most necessary. 1 Corinthians 12:18,22
God has a perfect plan and we have the great joy of watching it unfold as we advocate for the value of each and every life!
"[In years past] there was an assumed connection between God and rights, that God, not government, was the One that bestowed upon American citizens these individual rights, which meant that we are all, that we are all accountable to God for how we exercise our individual rights. 

[The founding fathers] believed that we as individuals and as a nation were accountable to God for how we exercised our individual rights." ~ Pastor Andy Stanley
"We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." 
- US Declaration of Independence
Amen!
Eli is exactly who God wanted him to be and exactly what He knew our family needed. - Michelle
The beautiful gift of peace.
Praise God that Isabellas parents chose to begin to advocate for her life prenatally. She is now a beautiful little girl who is thriving and defying the odds!
Our hardest trials were never meant to drown us, they were meant to build us up, and deepen our reliance on God. 

For His love carried us through situations that, at one point, seemed impossible.
This is the gospel in action. What a blessing Cori is to all of these sweet and precious babies!

And the King will say, I tell you the truth, when you did it to one of the least of these my brothers and sisters, you were doing it to me! Matthew 25:40
Her soul spoke to all of us...
When Bethany's unborn son was labeled as incompatible with life, she chose life!
"I was scared to pieces. Back then, if you had money, there were some girls who got abortions, but I couldnt deal with that idea. Oh, no. No. I knew there was somebody inside me. So I decided to keep the baby." - Maya Angelou
Love knows no bounds.1 Corinthians 13:7-10
We are committed to advocating for those who cannot advocate for themselves! Whether it be the pre-born child, the orphan in your community or abroad, the woman trapped in trafficking, or those struggling at the end of life- we're here to be a voice for all life! We couldn't do this without your support! Thank you!
The personhood & dignity of the unborn are not political wedge issues; they are essential human rights. - Russell Moore
"I cannot tell you what the future holds, but I can tell you what I do know: Your baby will be beautiful... Your baby will be fierce... You are not alone." - Jisun Lee
"What if we made the church the first place a young woman ran to when she found out she was pregnant? (Instead of away from because of shame and guilt.)" - Amy Ford, Embrace Grace
All humans are created in the image of God. All people have dignity and worth, no matter their stage in life. Stand with us in Washington, D.C. on January 26-27th, 2017 as Christians from around the country gather to defend the value of every human life. Use code SCOTUS20 for a 20% discount off the already super early rate.
As a Christian, pro-life organization, we oppose abortion as a general principle. Until the day comes when this horrific practice that has already taken the lives of over 53 million Americans is ended, however, we will continue to advocate for and support state laws that protect the other victim of abortion: the mother.
Amen!
A continual gift of healing.
We do not lose heart in our suffering. Though our outer self is wasting away with terminal illnesses, our inner self is being renewed day by day. The light momentary affliction of things like dementia and cancer, while intended by our enemy to break us, are sovereignly allowed by God to prepare for us an eternal weight of glory that is beyond comparison. Therefore, we do not look to the things that are seen, but to the things that are unseen. For the things that are seen are transient, but the things that unseen are eternal (2 Cor. 4:16-18).
Trust God enough to say yes. God calls us to walk along paths we could never walk without him. What a beautiful thing it is when we open our arms and receive what he brings, trusting that he will care for us as we yield to him in humble obedience.  Jennifer Case Cortez
I just remember feeling nothing but love. It was almost like everything that we'd been through over the past nine months didn't matter because we had a perfect little baby.  Claire Martin
Taxpayers deserve to know that Planned Parenthood is acting illegally, not only by wrongfully submitting claims to Medicaid for reimbursement, but also by failing to protect the health of the women it purports to serve.
Just keep swimming...

Such a heartwarming story! What's your story?

"Wait for the Lord; be strong, and let your heart take courage; wait for the Lord!" - Psalm 27:14
To be pro-life is to affirm value in every life. 

Were talking about protecting and speaking up for the unborn. But really the issue is so much greater. Its really about the elderly, the weak, the ill. Its about the disabled.  Emily Colson
Modern Day Slavery: Bringing light to the injustice 

Over 21 million people are currently being trafficked. What is the average price of a human? Minute 3:50 will absolutely shock you!

Will you be a voice?
This moms ability to see past a heart-wrenching moment and create something meaningful to help prevent other moms from having to experience that same pain is simply beautiful.
An incredibly touching letter from a father to his unborn son exhibits true unconditional love.
Foster: to encourage or promote the development of

You can make a difference in the life of a foster child even if you arent called to be their foster parent.
Love never fails... 1 Corinthians 13:8
A diagnosis is not the end; it is in fact the beginning to a life of pursuing dreams. Dare to dream.
These fathers honored the selfless love of the mother of their children in such a beautiful way!
Happy Fathers Day!
These cuties may have been born prematurely but now they are happy and thriving!

"For I know the plans I have for you, says the Lord. They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope." Jeremiah 29:11
Fathers Day is just around the corner and these cuties have some great news to share with you!
This may be the sweetest happily ever after you have ever seen!
What a precious gift for this mom. 

Life-affirming. Life-giving.
A Good Samaritan who saw value in the life of a stranger and the persistence of a man who wanted to thank the woman who saved his life so many years ago make for a heartwarming story.
When you get the father of the baby excited and prepared to support the pregnant mom, you see a transformation in the moms courage to face the unexpected.

A lot of times the mothers are some of our biggest advocates for the fatherhood program because they get the results of it: they get fathers of the baby who are stepping up and getting it more. The whole family unit is impacted positively because of it. - Rob Denler, Life Network
"Now all glory to God, who is able, through his mighty power at work within us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think." Ephesians 3:20
A great reminder to always start with grace.

"To all Pro-Life advocates, be against abortion  yes, but let's continue being proactive and looking for young girls and women who are hurting, suffering and confused so we can offer them assistance. Lets be about solutions and showing the true love of Christ to each and every woman in our communities and families." -Stephanie Chatfield
Why are we pro-life? 

"Learn to do good. Seek justice. Help the oppressed. Defend the cause of orphans. Fight for the rights of widows." Isaiah 1:17
In this we can be sure!
Redefining beauty: I dare you to see beauty! And once you see it, it overwhelms you. Its extraordinary. - Rick Guidotti

You are altogether beautiful, my darling, beautiful in every way. Song of Songs 4:7
Knowledge is power. 

"An intelligent heart acquires knowledge, and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge. " Proverbs 18:15

http://www.christiantoday.com/article/us.christian.college.launches.pro.life.activism.course/87820.htm
Every suicide is tragic  whether youre old or young, healthy or sick, your life is worth living, says Luke Maxwell, 19, who survived an attempt to take his own life.

All life is precious. And every life has value.

https://www.facebook.com/PatientsRightsAction/videos/926833390769151/
Yes!

https://www.facebook.com/lifesongfororphans/photos/a.383412905463.358112.315791905463/10156950724000464/?type=3&theater
A breathtaking example of the undeniable truth that children of all abilities have unique and valuable gifts to offer!

https://www.facebook.com/innncredible/videos/1597686447226573/
What a beautiful story of redemptive love.

I found my birthmother in 2005 in an Alabama nursing home. Shed been praying for me to find her for 48 years, and was still holding a picture of me at three monthsa testament to her motherly love for me that was completely separate from how Id been conceived.

https://pregnancyhelpnews.com/my-mother-was-gang-raped-but-heroically-gave-me-life
When you try to keep things hidden, they fester and ultimately end up revealing themselves in a far more destructive way than if you approach them with honesty.- Kristen Bell

http://www.relevantmagazine.com/slices/kristen-bell-speaks-out-about-depression-and-anxiety
After passing homeless people on her way to school each day, Khloe Thompson launched her own charity, Khloe Kares, to help vulnerable women in her community. 

This is love in action!

https://www.facebook.com/PopSugarCelebrity/videos/10154273338299824/
So powerful: "Im not angry. Im not bitter. Im really just sad. Im sad the tiny beating hearts you see every day dont fill you with a perpetual awe. Im sad the intricate details and the miracle of those sweet little fingers and toes, lungs and eyes and ears dont always give you pause. Im sad you were so very wrong to say a baby with Down syndrome would decrease our quality of life. And Im heartbroken you might have said that to a mommy even today. But Im mostly sad youll never have the privilege of knowing my daughter, Emersyn." 

90% of babies with Down syndrome aborted. Its time that changes. 

http://fox8.com/2016/06/07/mom-and-girl-with-down-syndrome-send-amazing-letter-to-doctor-who-urged-abortion/
Contrary to cultural messages, our value isnt determined by our ethnicity, race or gender; nor by our age, ability or location.  Its our divine membership in the human family that sets each of us apart as sacred. 
- Carrie Earll

http://jimdaly.focusonthefamily.com/think-gorilla-controversy-reveals-worldview/?_ga=1.145257074.751876733.1464969313
Parenting a child with special needs: From helping you find your passion to astonishing you with the deepest love

http://www.today.com/parents/i-found-who-i-was-meant-be-17-ways-children-t94866
400,000 U.S. children are in foster care. 
Unfortunately, there are not enough Good Samaritans to go around, and these precious children continue to suffer.
Consider how you might get involved!
It takes a lot of courage to choose life. The strength birth moms have is something to be celebrated!
Your heart will be a puddle after watching this dad surprise his son!
Meet the Carlson family - Rhonda has been a mom to more that 52 kids in the last 26 years!
When the people we love are facing the end of life, even when it's far too soon, the best gifts we can give are grace and dignity - life to the fullest until the day God says is the last.
"Human trafficking, or the exploitation of vulnerabilities for commercial gain, can happen to anyone, anywhere, at any time."
Every one of these lives saved is a miracle.
Whatever motherhood looks like - maybe it's unexpected, maybe it's raising kids with special needs, maybe it's parenting while single - God handles the impossible. You can do it. And we are here to wrap around you.
Maybe it's adoption, but maybe it's simply coming alongside a family who already has. Whatever it looks like, we are all called to care for orphans.
You heard the story of this kind of life-saving work in our movie, The Drop Box Film. Now Indiana is taking similar action as part of our country's safe haven laws.
It's not always easy, but with the right perspective and the right support, there is always joy to be found in motherhood.
"Facing ordinary life with extraordinary kids, whether they have physical, neurological or behavioral challenges, is something akin to bungee jumping. Parents bounce between educational meetings, therapies, work and home. We push forward because we desperately love our kids. But sometimes the challenges become too great. The bounce goes out of our bungee, and we're left hanging."
Being pro-life looks a lot more like cooking, cleaning, and babysitting than words without action. 

Parenthood is hard, especially when it's unexpected. Let's be people who lighten the load.

Like our page to stay inspired, encouraged, and equipped to be a voice for life.
We hope you all had a Happy Mother's Day! And that you remember we are grateful for moms far more than just one day per year. <3
Whatever motherhood looks like in your life, we just want you to know we are thankful. Happy Mother's Day. <3
When we advocate for life, we face opposition - physically and spiritually - so prayer is essential to effective ministry. 

Pray for lives to be saved, for orphans to be adopted, and for unity as we all seek to glorify God in the work He's called us to do.
EVERY mom changes the world for at least one person.
Whatever our story, whatever we face, we have hope in God's promise of redemption. He makes our mess his message.
Love the baby by caring for her. That's pro-life in action.

Like our page to stay inspired, encouraged, and equipped to be a voice for life.
Today is the National Day of Prayer, a chance for us to stand in the gap and ask God to intervene in big ways in our hearts and in our country.

We need to cover ourselves and our leaders in prayer for wisdom and guidance as we do everything we can to advocate for life.
Even if just for the simple fact that ALL people are made in the image of God, every single baby should be celebrated.
There really is no such thing as an unwanted baby. These stories are proof.
If you or someone you know has had an abortion, we want you to know you are not alone. In Christ there is love, grace, and healing, not judgment or condemnation.
What if every woman knew she had it in her to be a 'Kingdom Woman? 

Whatever her story, whatever motherhood may look like, Dr. Tony Evans and his daughter, Chrystal Evans Hurst, want to help all women realize that truth. We are giving away their book for free today through Mother's Day.

http://family.christianbook.com/Christian/Books/cms_content?page=2996438&sp=1176980
Life is precious from the second it begins. From the womb to the graduation stage to the wedding aisle and as the cycle begins again, every moment should be treasured.

We suggest having a tissue handy! 

#SlowDown
"When a challenge comes to you, you gotta overcome all the odds.Yeah it might get hard. It might hurt. But you gotta keep fighting. You gotta keep pushing with everything you've got." || Collin Clarke
We've said it before and we'll say it again: children are GIFTS.
You may not be able to see it now, but God is working everything together for GOOD.
Abortion is not just a women's issue, it's a life issue.
