You don't have to be a Trump fan to have found the last four days of SJW tantrums and theatrics heartwarming! Cry, snowflakes, cry. You're only proving our point... and making a second term more likely. #MAGA
Poor Rick Wilson. Add him to the "suicide watch" list...
So about the sex tape
Yes yes very funny THANKS GUYS 
My poor intern...
i'm dying i'm dying
Woman bullies child for voting Trump in class mock election.
David Wilcox was the subject of a viral video in which a black mob beat him in Chicago while shouting anti-Trump phrases. Heres what he has to say about the incident.
Trump is going to be the most pro-gay president in history -- and he won't get a single ounce of credit for it.
He'd rather grab a pussy than be one.
No one can resist the truth wrapped in a good joke.
DEAR LGBT People: Why Trump Won't Hurt You
Thrilled and honored to have received the Annie Taylor Award last night for courage in journalism.
Fabulous speech by Monica Crowley at the ceremony last night. New BFFs!
After months of spewing biased coverage, the MSM still expects Trump to fly their reporters around on his plane.
Thank you, David Horowitz.
When you really want Trump supporters to be violent bigots but theyre not so you have to improvise.
After two days of silence, Lena Dunham has shared her reaction to the election. Its every bit as triggered as youd expect.
Considering how much experience the Left has faking hate crimes, you'd think they would be better at it by now.
While the media obsesses over Donald Trump's Twitter page, stuff like this continues to happen.
'I don't fear Trump. I fear Islamic extremists...'
The only person who ever willingly walked into the woods with Hillary Clinton (and came back).
Bill Burr Destroys Celebrities Who Supported Hillary
The View, intelligent as ever.
Trump's First Day In Office 

source: unknown
Yet another exemplary instance of liberal tolerance.
With all the immature liberal adults roaming around, its only a matter of time before more kids emulate what they see on CNN.
thanks #BlackLivesMatter for getting Trump elected
How can anybody trust CNN at this point?
Who is behind the "spontaneous" #NotMyPresident Trump protests?
Of course, she won't be moving, just like all the other crybaby liberals who threatened to get outta Dodge.
Lies, lies, lies.
When do we get started on this wall?
Beck and the other NeverTrumpers are finished. Their careers are over. Good.
Quite remarkable to hear it in their own words. Ten years or more too late, but well done at last CBS.
First class!
Yet another 'classy' liberal election reaction.
Trump Supporter Beat By Mob, Car Stolen
Watching the protests. The Left has learned nothing. Here's to two terms!
WE DID IT
Watch for all the fake hate crimes spewing out of the media in the coming weeks. They will be totally implausible and they will be repeated uncritically by  journalists. 

Trump, Thiel, Shkreli, Yiannopoulos. This is the new American political culture. And it's fabulous, truthful and free. And no amount of fake hate crimes will stop it.
What the failure of polling tells you is that Republicans have, for 30 years in America, had to stay in the closet. Just like gays 30 years ago. Trump has changed all that, and it's a step in the right direction toward a truly permissive and tolerant future.
'White, working-class voters, Clinton tried to explain to Democratic elites, felt left behind. "They think the political system is rigged against them, which it is to some extent, and they think it doesnt make any difference anyway, so they want to vote for whoever they think will raise the most hell."'

No wonder the Clintons hate each other so much -- Bill was the original alt-righter!
As the New York Timess Nate Cohn put it: Clinton suffered her biggest losses in the places where Obama was strongest among white voters. Its not a simple racism story. Matt Yglesias acknowledged that Obamas high approval rating is inconsistent with depictions of the U.S. as a country besotted with racism.
She needs a hug.
Hillary Clinton supporters are calling for violence? Imagine that.
Not nice!
93% of the swamp voted for Hillary Clinton. Drain it!
Protestors have taken to the streets of several major cities. Lady Gaga emerges again.
There are a few of us!
One professor described it as one of the most shocking events in our history. #DamnStraight #MAGA
Trump Celebrity Deportation Service
Hollywood is calling for a revolution. Don't worry, they won't actually do anything. They're just tweeting.
"What do I tell my kids?"
"I dunno ... 'Pack your bags'?"
Hillary Followers Triggered And Crying
Amy Schumer will not be leaving America. In fact, she thinks you're a "disgusting," racist bigot for taking her promise seriously.
We literally memed Donald Trump into the White House
Have you noticed that in the last 12 months -- and I take some of the credit for this, of course -- the progressive left have gone from sarcastic, sneering bullies to the butt of EVERYONE's jokes? That's how you know it's over.
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
SOON.
Weird to read all the media reports of me "gloating." I mean, do I strike you as someone who glBWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
"Milo Yiannopoulos and Peter Thiel just elected a president."
We always knew.
You have people putting children to bed tonight, and theyre afraid of breakfast," Van Jones said as it became clear Hillary Clinton would not be the night's victor.
I'm not worried about death threats. The only people social justice warriors hurt are fetuses.
I don't recall "screaming" at a Buzzfeed reporter, as W magazine claims. But... whatever.
It's like I've been saying.
Outstanding SWAG by Milo orders are going out this month as we prepare for a MASSIVE RELAUNCH with new designs... existing shirts won't be available for much longer!
When it became clear that Trump was going to win, the media left the building.
OH MY GOD WHAT AM I GOING TO WEAR AT THE INAUGURATION
Hahahahahahaha
Trump's victory has set political correctness back decades.
I've asked my travel agent to reach out to Lena Dunham and arrange for first-class one-way travel to Toronto any time in the next week.
The liberal tears are real.

It's a beautiful day.
This election result is a victory for hot people everywhere.
Must not gloat
Must not gloat
Must not gloat 
Must not gloat 
Must not gloat
Hillary Victory Party
MILO visits media row at the Trump victory party
The mainstream media is dead. Dead and fucking gone. And they deserve this. They did this. They lied to and about you for decades. And now America has spoken, and it's beautiful.
BYE BYE ISLAM
Congratulations, America.
Who is going to pay for abortions?
Oh my fucking god
TRUMP WINS! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RIP SOCIAL JUSTICE
Breitbart just became the New York Times.
TRUMP WINS MICHIGAN! #MAGA
You gotta see this.
I saw this coming. I told you all. No one listened. And that's okay! But listen now. A new day is dawning in America, and it's going to be glorious. And I'm so grateful to have been adopted by this movement. Welcome to the new age. It's going to be fabulous.
It begins.
TRUMP WINS PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA
This is happening
TRUMP WINS WISCONSIN! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS TEXAS! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS NEBRASKA! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS INDIANA! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS ARKANSAS! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS ALABAMA! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS KANSAS! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS NORTH CAROLINA! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS OHIO! #MAGA
TRUMP WINS FLORIDA! #MAGA
The polls were not rigged AT ALL
Thanks for nothing.
Trump regains the lead in Florida.
She gets it.
I think Trump will win. But either way, something was let loose this year that will define the next three decades of American public life.
We're going nowhere.
Citizens are warned to double check their ballots before submitting.
Queen Hillary Watching The Results
Don't worry Obama. Almost over!
Taylor Swift going dark is very reassuring. Always knew she was a good girl.
How many livestreamed social justice suicides when Trump wins just wondering
This outfit is how you know she's a lesbian.
what a hero
First time voters for Trump = THE MONSTER VOTE
"My name is Brittany Foreman... and today I witnessed Voter Fraud."
GET OUT AND VOTE!
HillBullies are out in full force at polling stations across the nation. Here's a quick recap of the reported incidents so far.
Electioneering at polling station. The police officer is reading their messages.
I prayed today, for the first time in a while.
Donald Trump voted in NYC! High Energy!!!

5 rallies yesterday and the man was up at 6AM doing shows. We want a worker in the White House.
You know what to do.
I got some shit worked out
Metatron (Hebrew ; prob. derived from the Latin metator: "one who metes out or marks off a place, a divider and fixer of boundaries", "a measurer") is an archangel in Judaism and known in Judaism as the Recording Angel or the Chancellor of Heaven.
vote daddy
The Trumpening Is Here! Take 3 Trump supporters with you to the polls! #MAGA3X

Credit: Mike Cernovich
They were freaking out.
Odd fashion choice.
Hillary is not healthy.
Remember him?
Incredible Trump Video!
Hillary is a liar. Hillary is the best choice for jail.
Discredited.
I'm just a visitor. I can't vote. And I know a lot of Americans hate nothing more than being lectured to by foreigners. But I do worry about the future of the greatest country in the history of human civilization if she's allowed to grant amnesty to tens of millions of illegals, pander to radical Islam, stuff the Supreme Court with leftist activists and undermine the First and Second Amendments. Seems to me there won't be much of an America left after that. The rest of the world will suffer horribly as a result.
Not sure which is more offensive: the fact that the Southern Poverty Law Center put me on a leaflet alongside DYLANN ROOF or the fat picture they chose.
In an Uber in New York chatting on the phone about a handsome man I met recently and the guy's prayer alarm clock went off and I honestly thought I was about to be jihaded
Mayor Giuliani Dreams of MAGA - Ultimate Thug Life Edition
BUSTED: DNC Gave Wolf Bltizer Questions To Ask Trump In Interview. Blitzer dances. Hillary is laughing at us.
Michelle Obama: Don't Tell Us How To Vote
IT'S HERE AT LAST
Is Glenn Beck preparing to come out as gay? It's really the only explanation.
You know what to do.
How did the FBI go through 650,000 emails in 691,200 seconds?
What is going on!?
You gotta read this one.
Wikileaks: The DNC prepared questions for a Wolf Blitzer interview with Trump.
Newsweek has already sent this out to bookstores. Their hubris is just another reason to vote Trump.
What shall I give my 1,000,000th Facebook buddy? Looks like we're gonna get there soon folks. Ideas welcome.
Just had a great conversation with Stefan Molyneux -- will be coming out on his podcast tonight or tomorrow
The Wicked Witch Of The West
I've just discovered Honey G
The Clinton campaign insists any major Wikileaks release over the next two days will 'probably be fake.' Are they bracing for something? What is it?
#PodestaEmails
"When you vote you are a citizen yourself..."
He knew.
future press secretary
Goth kids 4 Trump
Nearly three times as many people turned out for a last-minute Trump rally than did for a free Jay Z concert for Hillary that had been announced weeks in advance.
Breaking: Assassination scare. Trump rushed off stage in Reno.
Students For Bernie President Removed From Hillary Event After He Tears Her Down
HillBullies strike again.
Shes going to be on a coin someday. Her behavior has not been coin-worthy, said Chappelle, who went on to call Trump the most gangsta candidate ever.
The walls are coming in...
Bill Clinton: Hillary Talks To Dead People
Entire websites are now defined by whether or not I'm banned from them. (Gab isn't a site for unsavory people, by the way. It's doing a good job of being free speech central so far though, which is why the Left hates it.)
Hillary Clinton just lost one of her favorite hoax weapons against Trump.
If you only need one reason to vote Trump on Tuesday it's this: imagine the photo of Hillary Clinton being arrested on the front page of the New York Times.
Hillary's destructive path.
The only thing I have in common with Hillary is we both enjoy fucking blacks.
The Dangerous Faggot tour returns at the end of November.
Trump's Powerful Argument For America
HELL IS REAL
GOD IS DEAD 
BURN IT ALL DOWN
Huma Abedin is demonic. She has such dark energy. It's scary.
Political correctness and the multicultural movement in America are subverting any effort that a conservative could ever make to change the country.
So sorry to the hundreds of OSU students who couldn't make it inside tonight. There were twice as many of you outside as in the hall. Incredible turnout. I tried to get back out to you but I had to be taken away by security when we hit our 11pm cutoff. I hate not getting to say hi to everyone. I promise I'll come back in a bigger venue. Thank you so much for coming out.
Assange discusses what he calls the most significant email WikiLeaks has released on Clinton yet. Hint: Qatar, Saudi Arabia and ISIS.
My new heroine
This Election: God Bless America vs. Hail Satan
Slavoj Zizek would vote for Trump
He's going to win!
The woman says she saw not one, not two but FOUR people committing fraud at an elections office.
LIVE TONIGHT
Hillary's Campaign Involved In "Spirit Cooking" Ritual 
#SpiritCooking
When grandma realizes she's been supporting a criminal...
A jury has found that Rolling Stone defamed a UVa administrator in its discredited and now retracted story about a gang-rape on campus that never happened. Which is great. But it makes me think: how many more of these stories are simply outrageous hoaxes from fantasists? Every campus rape story I can think of turned out to be a lie.
Stop emailing me, Gary Johnson. You're an embarrassment to libertarianism.
It's Alex Jones's world. We're all just living in it.
Everything is insane and I am loving every second of it
At Ohio State tonight I am hosting a PRE-ELECTION EXTRAVAGANZA! Bring your banners, signs and make sure to DRESS UP!
Reasons to stay away from "Moonlight"
MILO visits OSU in his last stop before a brief tour break. In a discussion titled "TOUGH LOVE," he gave the Trump movement one last burst of high energy.
Amy Schubert and Seth Rogen are killing Bud Light.
Susan Sarandon had some choice words for the DNC on CNN.
sorry for triggering, msnbc
She mocks white men. Then she dances.
Liberals made fun of Melanias accent, denied her right to advocacy and called her a bedroom-only wife after the future First Lady delivered an epic speech earlier today.
Berkley Students In 1964 vs. Berkley Students Now
Michael Moore Trump Endorsement (Remix)
hahahahahahahaha
The DOJ blocked the FBI from pursuing audio recordings where interviewees acknowledged 'pay for play' within the Clinton Foundation.
The media keeps juxtaposing me with white nationalists, pretending I am one.
Students Triggered for Hillary.
Amen!
Did I miss it or did Pink News "forget" to tell its readers that I am gay?
The purpose of American universities isn't to teach. It's to indoctrinate.
Photography by MIKE ALLEN 
instagram.com/Ian mike Allen
Blocking Brexit?
"We should not try to gender menstrual products..."
The sources say theyre discovering an avalanche of new evidence daily.
New photo by the incomparable Mike Allen 
Instagram.com/iammikeallen
Check out this hero student's response to garbage campus rape statistics from his university dean. 

From: 
Sent: Wednesday, November 02, 2016 1:42 PM
To: Baughman-Terry, Linda M. <lmbaughman@stthomas.edu>; Erickson, Emily C. <emily.erickson@stthomas.edu>
Cc: Dean of Students <DEANSTUDENTS@stthomas.edu>
Subject: RE: St. Thomas Response to Prevention and Sexual Assault
Importance: High

 

Ms. Baughman-Terry and Ms. Erickson,

I just got this message from the Dean of Students office and I was greatly alarmed by it! From the statistics you gave, it says that roughly 15% of college women will have experienced sexual assault during college! Unless Im mistaken, that means that 3 in 20 women on this college either have been or will be raped by graduation date! Using the 2012 enrollment figure for our school of 10,245 and assuming that half of them are women, this means that 768 women on our campus either have been or will be raped before they graduate! Thats terrifying!

And yet, I wonder how you define sexual assault and rape. Neither are defined in your email.

Additionally, you also stated that Public Safety only recorded 20 incidents of perpetrated or attempted sexual assault. With slightly over half being perpetrated sexual assault (Ill assume that number to be 11) then that means that we have a rape victimization rate on St. Thomas of 0.9%  far less than the 15% statistic you started out with. If were doing that great compared to the national average, then Id say were doing pretty fantastic!

However, I looked up the Rape and Sexual Assault Victimization rate provided by the Bureau of Justice Statistics and found that they stated that only about 0.6% of females will be raped during college (with an error bound going up to 3%), and indeed only about 0.2% of females in their lifetime. Much much lower than the 15% and 19.3% statistics you gave. Still too high mind you, but also much lower.

So I wonder, how are you defining sexual assault?
Are you worried that you might be painting men in an evil light when in fact the official statistics show that not to be the case?
Are you worried that you might be promoting the idea that theres a rape culture on college campuses when in actuality there isnt, and I certainly havent seen any at UST.
Are you concerned at all that youre misleading women, and depriving them of knowing accurate facts about the actual dangers to them?
Are you concerned at all that youre misleading people in general, when youre supposed to be members of a University, a place that encourages knowledge and learning and facts?

Im very concerned and interested to hear your takes on the matter, and I await your reply.
Sincerely,
A concerned student,
~

 

From: Dean of Students 
Sent: Wednesday, November 02, 2016 10:51 AM
To: 
Subject: St. Thomas Response to Prevention and Sexual Assault

 

As we pass the mid-point of fall semester, we wanted to take time to inform you about incidents of sexual assault that occur at the University of St. Thomas
Visit this link if the email below is not displayed correctly.

University of St. Thomas

Dear Students,
As we pass the mid-point of fall semester, we wanted to take time to inform you about incidents of sexual assault that occur at the University of St. Thomas, to encourage students who have experienced assault to report, and finally, to ask you to take a role in increasing safety in our community. 
Sexual assault is a too common experience for too many people. Nationally, it's estimated that nearly 1 in 5 women (19.3%) and 1 in 71 men (1.7%) have experienced rape or attempted rape at some point in their lives[i]. And nearly 1 in 2 women and 1 in 5 men have experienced sexual violence other than rape in their lifetime[ii].  It's estimated that 10%-20% of college women, 12% of trans and gender non-conforming college students and .3% - 5% of college men have experienced a sexual assault. [iii], [iv], [v]
The University of St. Thomas is not immune to these types of violence. Like every college, university, and community across the United States, sexual assaults happen at St. Thomas. If we apply national occurrence rates to St. Thomas' entire undergraduate student population, it would be expected that approximately 85 incidents of non-consensual sexual intercourse occur each year.  From January 2015-Decemeber 2015 the University of St. Thomas received 20 reports of sexual assault. Slightly over half of these were reports of non-consensual sexual intercourse. The others were reports of non-consensual sexual contact.
These numbers may seem high to some and low to others. We know it's likely these numbers do not reflect the actual number of people in our community that have been harmed, as the majority of sexual assaults are not reported to police or university officials across the country.[vi]  We encourage anyone who has experienced sexual assault to seek help and consider reporting the incident to police and to the University.  
St. Thomas carefully considers when to issue a campus alert when a sexual assault has been reported. When the university receives a report of a sexual assault, a risk assessment is conducted to determine if a campus notification is required. Campus notification is made based on the facts and circumstances of each incident.
Finally, we encourage each St. Thomas student to take an active role in keeping our community safe.
Sexual Assault Prevention Tips:
         Always ask for consent. Consent is words or actions that clearly and freely communicate "yes", not the absence of a "no."

         If you see someone else trying to take advantage of another person's vulnerable condition (like substantial impairment by alcohol), do something, say: "Hey, do you know this person?" or, "Are you OK?" or, "Can I get one of your friends to take you home?" or "That person is too wasted to consent." or, create a distraction that separates the two people or, ask the person's friend to check-in on the situation.

         If you are thinking about being physically intimate with a person, but they are stumbling, slurring their words or unsure where they are, due to alcohol or other drugs, you should stop pursing them. Under University policy, a person who is substantially impaired by alcohol cannot consent to sexual activity.

         If you are unsure if your partner wants to be physical with you or to go to another level of intimacy, it is your responsibility to ask your partner. Stop if you are unsure.

         Do not take advantage of someone in a vulnerable state.

         The only person responsible for sexual assault is the perpetrator. The use of alcohol or other drugs does not excuse behavior that violates the sexual misconduct policy.

Risk Reduction Tips:
         Trust your instincts. Awareness and avoidance are your most effective tools. If a situation becomes uncomfortable or unsettling, get out.

Alcohol and other drugs are often used to create vulnerability to sexual assault. Limit the amount of alcohol you consume. Get your own drinks. Don't let someone continually fill your cup. Don't leave your drink unattended.
o    Make your boundaries clear. If someone doesn't respect your boundaries, avoid that person and/or leave the situation.  

o    Call Public Safety to escort you to your destination.

o    Report crimes and suspicious activity immediately to Public Safety and the police.

These tips are provided as strategies that could help keep our community safer, they are in no way to suggest that a victim of, or a bystander to sexual assault is to blame if a sexual assault does occur.
While the University of St. Thomas takes efforts to prevent sexual assault before it occurs, we also work towards reducing barriers to reporting and have a commitment to respond promptly, fairly, and equitably when we do receive reports of sexual assault.
We wish you the best with your studies at St. Thomas. Thank you for being part of our community--we hope you will play a role in making our community a safe place for all students. 
Sincerely, 
Linda Baughman-Terry
Dean of Students
Emily Erickson
Sexual Misconduct Prevention Program Director
Nora Fitzpatrick
Title IX Coordinator
Dan Meuwissen
Director of Public Safety
Care about free speech? You gotta read this.
In 2012, this same office was caught filing fake voter cards in the last week of the election.
Breaking: The Current Email Investigation Is RIGGED!
Straight white men rock! 
I can't breathe
Raina Alievs father called for her to be killed in front of him.
Sure, all it needs is a bit of "salesmanship."
#stunning and #brave
You know you've made a cultural impact when people start ripping you off. Especially when they come from the other side of the aisle. Pussy Riot!
Women can fake orgasms and make up rape claims on the fly, but not even a skilled actress can pretend Hillary Clinton is trustworthy.
"I know that my wife is not just my equal but my superior," Obama said.
Tremendous interview with the great Christina Hoff Sommers
Milo's Warning To America From Europe
lol
Lil Wayne triggers the internet... by having an opinion.
White House Praises FBI Director Comey - "He is not trying to influence this election."
Loved meeting Phil from All That Remains. A boss.
An FBI account that hadnt tweeted in over a year is very chatty all of a sudden  especially about the Clintons and their dark past.
Hillary Clinton will #DraftOurDaughters

h/t Mike Cernovich
Yes, this is a real thing.
Disco Satanism
Do you consider yourself a white nationalist?  BBC Tries To Ambush Milo With Exactly The Result Youd Expect
The internet is crazy right now. What is real and what is fake?
Today on Breitbart dot com
amen brother
Pro-Trump Pitt students assaulted AGAIN, receive death threats
uh she's a woman 
JUST KIDDING JUST KIDDING
we are so close
You know what's deplorable? THOSE SHOES
All aboard the Trump train?
Liberals may think they are safe but I have spies everywhere -- even among bartenders! Here's the stupidest woman in the world, CNN's Sally Kohn, dancing at a party in Hollywood. And they say lesbians have no rhythm!
"In Defence of Hazing," MILO takes to Dartmouth College to explain why hazing is essential to manhood.

Photography by Mike Ma.
Even the biased mainstream polls are showing Trump on top one week before election day.
Women's suffrage was a mistake.
How does a person look this good? It's fascinating. Almost scary. What does it mean?
From 'second daughter' to 'one of my staffers.' #PrayForHuma
Are these quotes by Hillary or Hitler?

Like his page ---> Joseph Costello
That's one  who's next?
When all else fails blame the Russians!
CNN couldn't deny Brazile's wrongdoing any longer.
Mika wasn't having it.
Donna Brazile needs to step down as DNC Chair. CNN already let her go.  This is why.
But that's not racist, right?
Silly idiots.
JLo Concert For Hillary Clinton.
#SaveHuma
Had fun with Adam
Is Social Media Censoring What You See This Election?
They brought a peashooter to a gunfight
The fallout continues as even liberals begin demanding that Hillary step down.
Hillary is busing people to her rallies and asking celebrities to help raise enthusiasm. It's not working.
The movement is here to stay.
Scary how good I look
Social media helping Hillary? It appears so.
Has the Clinton campaign begun to implode?
Hard to argue
LIVE AT 5 ET
Suddenly, a Trump landslide feels not only possible but perhaps even likely.
Liberals want T-Swift to tell them its okay to vote for Hillary.
It has been a fun weekend.
UC IRVINE, ARE YOU READY FOR ME
Bernie Sanders responds to FBI reopening email investigation
UC Irvine has a waitlist of 2,000. People are now selling their tickets!
Democrats arent happy to have the FBI looking into their candidate.
Rachel Maddow is not happy.
Great to see academics bringing their brainpower to bear on America's campus free speech problem. More of them are joining the fight every day. This one is a must-read.
LIBERTARIANS
Huma & Weiner, Hill & Bill
hahahahahahahaha go fuck yourselves
The bartender, a self-proclaimed CNN-watcher, says be wont serve Trump supporters.
Los Angeles halfway house residents told they get $300 for voting for Hillary if she wins.

Submitted on Reddit
Is Hillarys list of casualties about to get longer?
This comes less than a week after she said Trumps final target is democracy itself.
i can't 
i can't 
i can't
Whether they like it or not, I'll be speaking at UC Irvine tomorrow about gays versus Islam and why America should vote Trump.
UC Irvine Students Caught Tearing Down MILO Posters
Shocking Video: Hillary Supporters attack homeless Trump supporter while people stand and laugh
Sunday will be big.
She skips over it and Hillary laughs.
Carl Bernstein talks about the bad news for Hillary.
But I thought this stuff doesn't happen?
"Bird Dogging" Called Out: Paid Hillary Supporter Tries To Disrupt Trump Event
Why is it always the ugly ones? 
Free speech for me, but not for thee.
Amazing that Michael Moore of all people would, inadvertently or otherwise, give the most compelling argument for Trump all election. But he did. The system deserves to be destroyed. Let's blow it up.
Daddy Knows Best
Homeless black woman protects Donald Trumps Hollywood Star from rich white Hillary supporter and other Hillary bullies.
I NEVER WANT THIS ELECTION TO END
Here's what we know so far.
Hillary Clinton will be under FBI investigation during the election.
Hillary Clintons call for a military draft of women has turned into a PR nightmare. #DraftOurDaughters
This is great, begins one email sent between members of Clintons staff following the death of Jordan Davis.
For several minutes, all posts on Reddits front page were from r/The_Donald.
It's Halloween and I'm the scariest thing I know
how i'm a clown
Donald J. Trump goes SAVAGE on George Stephanopoulos - Is there anything Trump regrets?

ABC News
learning a lot
Moore only made things worse for himself and better for Trump when trying to clarify his pro-Trump video.
She could face up to 20 years in prison.
MILO Destroys A #NeverTrump Conservative
Michael Moore Must Really Hate Hillary Clinton
Sick and disgusting. You should be ashamed of yourselves, JCPenney.
Kellyanne Conway wasn't about to let Blitzer play the victim.
Look how funny Amy Schumer was before she got SJW cancer!
RIP VINE LOL
Jim Norton: I'm voting for Donald Trump because I hate the rest of them.

Credit: Newsy and Jim Norton
They built a wall?
Yes, that many.
A new must-listen podcast from James Delingpole.
I am Duane
Shame!
If Trump wins, I will release my sex tape.
Scott Adams (Dilbert Creator) Endorses Trump: 'I can't vote for A bully. That's why I can't vote for Hilary.'
She thought she had him cornered. Nope.
Megyn Kelly = Hillary Clinton
Danney Williams, the young man of color who says he is Bill Clinton's illegitimate son, has been permanently banned from YouTube for violating "terms of service." Talk about lending credence to the rumors!
An "obscenity-filled rant," they say. We live in an era in which gay people are COMPLAINING ABOUT SWEARING.
I think it's disgusting that I'm being allowed to come to UC Irvine after the last time, when protesters made such utter fools of themselves outside my talk. It's really not fair on those precious snowflakes. We ought to be saving the mentally ill from themselves! UC Irvine's administrators are a basket of deplorables.
Sweden loses Christmas lights to political correctness.
Triggered by canoeing.
When I finally speak at Maryland (they will back down) I will spend all 90 minutes ripping the administration to shreds.
The man would work to support his family, but Islamic culture dictates he must spend as much time with them as possible. So, the government stepped up.
More pain for U.Md
Incredible collection at the NRA museum. Thanks for having me, guys!
An Austrian editor sparked outrage when he commented on crimes migrants had committed.
Hillary Clinton attacks Milo. He responds: 'The only thing Hillary likes more than censorship is scissoring.'
If Hillary gets in and grants amnesty to 11 million illegals, the Republican Party will never win another election. America is over. Think carefully, NeverTrumpers.
She nearly began to have a stroke.
Although we are yet to see it, we have since become aware of the controversial nature of the documentary.
Really makes you think!
Election Fraud - Hillary Clinton and George Soros Voting Machines
The University of Maryland will suffer the wrath of the Dangerous Faggot
MILO speaks at George Mason University about the reality of 2016's rigged election.

Photography by Mike Ma.
The study analyzed all major news election coverage from the last 12 weeks and confirmed what we've all been thinking.
In a couple of hours I'll be speaking at George Mason University, explaining why -- conspiratorial though some people think it sounds -- Donald Trump is right when he says the election is rigged.
This YouTuber went to Hillary and Trump events posing as a supporter for the opposite candidate. Watch how different the reactions are
New revelations about Hillarys health are raising nothing but questions.
I get a lot of fan mail signed "Yours, deplorably," and so on. The Left learned 50 years ago to take what your enemies say about you, throw a spotlight on it and laugh at it. (They forgot that lesson a decade ago.) The Right finally learned that it works in 2016, I think thanks to me and Daddy. It's the conclusion of what Andrew Breitbart started by assiduously retweeting all his fiercest critics on Twitter. Better late than never, I guess!
Michael Moore Makes Case For Voting Trump. "Voting for Trump will be the biggest F you in human history and it will feel good."
A world of hurt is coming to UMD.
I'm going to make an example of the University of Maryland. Watch this space.
Proof of Google censoring Trump results

h/t Baked Alaska
Is anyone surprised?
Wikileaks: Reporters who met in secret and coordinated with Hillary's campaign.
MILO visits the University of Delaware to discuss trannies and why they are so gay.

Photography by Mike Ma.
UMD: It's War.
You cant make this stuff up.
Someone is making me very happy tonight. You know who you are. Thank you.
Tim Kaine Has 25 People At His Rally In Florida. He's Hillary's VP pick in case you've never heard of him.
BREAKING: Did Hillary Clinton Bribe The FBI?
It's 2016 
How are you not trans yet
The tides have turned and its a beautiful thing.
The modern university campus: Where liberals are allowed to be racist in the name of progress.
I'll be speaking at Maryland come hell or high water.

Try and stop me, bitch.
This is why Trump will shock the world with black voter support
Live in 50 minutes!
Accidentally seeing me is a "threat" to student "safety," according to NYU.
If the University of Delaware's "trans community" can't cope with words on a poster, how are they going to cope with having their dicks cut off?
Photography by MIKE ALLEN
Sgt. Henline nearly died while serving in Baghdad in 2007. Now he wants to work with Trump to tackle ISIS.
Tonight, 7 PM EST at the University of Delaware.
Pizza Party Ben gives a lesson on memeology
Search results rigged.
UMD won't get away with this.
Must-read profile of my friend Mike Cernovich
Accurate
Kim Dotcom and others dropping hints. Will this week be as fun as we hope? Oct. 26 is Hillary's birthday.
I love drama!
huge if true
This is what the establishment Right in America has been reduced to: Glenn Beck interviews Ben Shapiro about mean tweets.
Andrew Anglin licked my nipple
There goes my Instagram account.
An interview I did with Vice for HBO a while back.
The woman became concerned when she noticed how skilled at firing a rifle the boy was.
Why can't a rapist catch a break?
Hide your kids, hide your wife  Hillarys on the road.
Is Hillary Clinton Fit To Be President?
Footage: Fox Business
Interview by: Elizabeth MacDonald
Janet  youve changed.
We're fighting this.
You could say they were triggered.
This is how the Clinton family destroyed Haiti.
Interview by Luke Rudkowski of WeAreChange
There's a troll in L.A. and he's done wonderful things.
This will really annoy CIA-funded 4'11" Jewish blogger Andrew Anglin
The kids felt their new president continues the legacy of white and cisgender male leadership.
Trump is not happy about the DNC paying people to cause violence at his rallies.
Can't say I'm surprised at the Log Cabin Republicans refusing to endorse Trump. They've always been whiny and pointless. This was their one chance to be relevant and they blew it. They are also, of course, wrong on the facts. Trump's firmness in the face of Islam is the only issue that should matter to gays in this election.
November 8th - Wear Red, #VoteRed
The man claims he committed the crime during a sexual emergency.
The man claims he committed the crime during a sexual emergency.
We're experiencing incredibly underhand tactics from universities both public and private attempting to derail the most successful and interesting college tour in American history. Last-minute venue changes, time changes, extortionate security fees and all manner of absurd restrictions are just some of the feeble methods they're employing to disrupt or postpone my talks or to reduce audience sizes. I'll be writing and speaking a lot about this in the coming weeks -- and we'll be lighting up the schools concerned at Breitbart, calling out the administrators responsible and, where appropriate, launching legal actions to force them to respect the wishes of their own students. They will lose. The Dangerous Faggot tour cannot be stopped.
Equality in 2016.
MILO Schools Students On Political Correctness
I've just worked out "Gays for Hillary." It's messy bottoms who want to get gang-raped by Syrians.
Its funny until you realize this is real.
What could possibly go wrong?
Who does that? Hillary. We will never forget.

Footage: Project Veritas
h/t: Inside Edition
The college has responded by caving in to some of their demands.
The latest...
While Americans students are drowning in debt.
MILO: Free Speech vs Cultural Authoritarians
The plot thickens!
The SJWs are trolling themselves.
MILO: Free Speech Is What Makes America Great
More than an hour after dodging the same question at the debate, she still didn't have an answer.
Milo Defies Clemsons Harambe Ban
Yep, nasty.
Donald Trump Will Accept The Results of This Election If...
Hillary campaign caught feeding question to press after debate on LIVE TV!

h/t Fox News
h/t Sean Hannity
They couldn't handle not being the biggest victims in the room.
Enjoyed this riposte from my friend T
Another profile of me -- this time, in GQ Australia.
I guess pushing gay people off of buildings is funny?
Brazile did not handle this well at all.
'Will Hillary return the $20 million she's received from countries like Saudi Arabia that execute gays and abuse women?'
Hillary funded by countries that murder gays and oppress women. Thanks for reading, Daddy!
HE WAS ROBBED OF THAT THIRD EMMY
This is for Republicans and Libertarians who will only vote for Jesus.
The things you can't say...
Here is the list.

(h/t Breitbart and Wikileaks)

From ABC: Cecilia Vega, David Muir, Diane Sawyer (who could only stay for 30 minutes), and George Stephanopoulos.

From CBS News: Norah ODonnell.

From CNN: Brianna Keilar, Gloria Borger, John Berman, and Kate Bolduan.

From MSNBC: Alex Wagner and Rachel Maddow (TRYING).

From NBC: Savannah Guthrie.

REPORTER RSVPs

YES
1. ABC  Cecilia Vega
2. ABC  David Muir
3. ABC  Diane Sawyer
4. ABC  George Stephanoplous [sic]
5. ABC  Jon Karl
6. Bloomberg  John Heillman [sic]
7. Bloomberg  Mark Halperin
8. CBS  Norah ODonnell
9. CBS  Vicki Gordon
10. CNN  Brianna Keilar
11. CNN  David Chalian
12. CNN  Gloria Borger
13. CNN  Jeff Zeleny
14. CNN  John Berman
15. CNN  Kate Bouldan [sic]
16. CNN  Mark Preston
17. CNN  Sam Feist
18. Daily Beast  Jackie Kucinich
19. GPG  Mike Feldman
20. Huffington Post  Whitney Snyder
21. MORE  Betsy Fisher Martin
22. MSNBC  Alex Wagner
23. MSNBC  Beth Fouhy
24. MSNBC  Phil Griffin
25. MSNBC  Rachel Maddow (TBD)
26. MSNBC  Rachel Racusen
27. NBC  Savannah Gutherie [sic]
28. New Yorker  Ryan Liza [sic]
29. NYT  Amy Chozik [sic]
30. NYT  Gail Collins
31. NYT  Jonathan Martin
32. NYT  Maggie Haberman
33. NYT  Pat Healey [sic]
34. PEOPLE  Sandra Sobieraj Westfall
35. POLITICO  Glenn Thrush
36. POLITICO  Mike Allen
37. VICE  Alyssa Mastramonoco [sic]
38. VOX  Jon Allen

The RSVP list for the event at Podestas home reads "Yes" for:

ABC  Liz Kreutz
AP  Julie Pace
AP  Ken Thomas
AP  Lisa Lerer
AURN  April Ryan
Bloomberg  Jennifer Epstein
Buzzfeed  Ruby Cramer
CBS  Steve Chagaris [sic]
CNBC  John Harwood
CNN  Dan Merica
Huffington Post  Amanda Terkel
NO (Panama)
LAT  Mike Memoli
LAT  Evan Handler
McClatchy  Anita Kumar
MSNBC  Alex Seitz-Wald
National Journal  Emily Schultheis
NBC  Mark Murray
NPR  Tamara Keith
NYT  Amy Chozik [sic]
NYT  Maggie Haberman
Politico  Annie Karni
Politico  Gabe Debenedetti
Reuters  Amanda Becker
The Hill  Amie Parnes
Washington Post  Anne Gearan
WSJ  Laura Meckler
WSJ  Peter Nicholas
WSJ  Colleen McCain Nelson
This student could be expelled  all because he guessed the wrong answer on a quiz.
No doubt....rigged!
New photos by MIKE ALLEN
Stern: "I don't do interviews to f--- someone over."
fb "trending" is RIGGED
Going to Chicago for lunch
This is now a thing, apparently.
Maybe journalists are too busy sending Hillary donations...
Do Black Lives Really Matter To Hillary? It's time for Bill Clinton to give his son Danney Williams a real, verified DNA test! Hillary is a hypocrite. #BlackLivesMatter

Video Credit: Freenauts
This is amazing.
MILO EVISCERATES THE MEDIA: "Everyone Hates You And You Lie."
Honestly the best birthday card I've ever received
Unlike the gender wage gap, this 7% man tax is real.
dey cray
NICE!
TUNE IN TONIGHT 7PM E.T.
THANK YOU
