Shavua Tov, have a wonderful week where ever you are in the world.

Photo: www.tzachiyaffe.com
Noad "Neo" Lahat, Bellator MMA fighter, is representing Israel proudly tonight during the first ever worldwide broadcast of an MMA fight from Tel Aviv. It will be airing on Spike Sports, make sure you cheer him on! He loves StandWithUs!
Leonard Cohen z"l's parting words at his Israel concert - the priestly blessing.

In English: 
May God bless you and guard you
May God shine his face on you and show favor to you
May God lift up his face on you and give you peace
Shabbat Shalom, relax and unwind. 

Photo: www.tzachiyaffe.com
StandWithUs Statement on Pinocchio to Bear Witness to UNESCOs Lies on Jewish Roots in Jerusalem

"On Thursday November 10, 2016, at 1:30 p.m., StandWithUs  in cooperation with Artists 4 Israel (A4I)  set up a giant Pinocchio effigy at 1st Ave and 47th Street in Dag Hammarskjold Plaza across from the United Nations.  The display was put in place immediately following the We Stand Together rally at the Israeli Consulate, beginning at 12:30pm, organized by AMCHA-Coalition for Jewish Concerns, and co-sponsored by StandWithUs New York, and numerous other groups.
 
The Pinocchio display will protest UNESCO's recent votes on resolutions that repudiate historical fact and deny the 3,000-year-old Jewish association to Jerusalem's Temple Mount and the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest sites.  The resolutions also negate Christian traditions that associate the Temple Mount with the life of Jesus of Nazareth.
Another ridiculous move by the extremist activists of SJP ("Students for 'Justice in Palestine'). This time they held a 'Zionism is Scary' bake sale. Even more scary is the fact that SJP tried to justify the bake sale. StandWithus Campus Coordinator Andrew Moss said, "SJP is sending the message that among all of the worlds nations, Jews are uniquely undeserving of their basic rights. This is absolutely despicable."
There are countless accounts of pain and suffering in the world yet what do these people chose to protest? An Israeli flag flying next to 192 other flags. Ridiculous.
The powerful story of Leonard Cohen's love for Israel:

May his memory be a blessing.
One of the most beautiful renditions ever of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" as sung by the IDF. Cohen passed away today at the age of 82 - a great loss for the world.

May his memory be a blessing.
Legendary musician and true lover and defender of Israel Leonard Cohen has passed away. When war broke out on Yom Kippur in 1973, Leonard Cohen was touring on the Greek island of Hydra. He dropped everything, left his wife and son, and headed to Israel "I will go and stop Egypt's bullet," he said. He went and performed for troops on the front lines.

May his memory be a blessing.
For the first time ever, Israel celebrated Aliya Day to honor those who leave their home countries to support and become apart of the State of Israel. Israel has used the day to plan how making Aliya will become easier than ever before.
American Warren Buffet believes in the State of Israel! He has raised $60 million in investments in Israel bonds. He said, "If you are looking for brains, energy, and dynamism in the Middle East, Israel is the only place you need to go."
When Moroccan journalists come to see Israel for themselves, to discover life here and not just believe what they see on the news, Hamas calls it a 'crime.' Why? Because the journalists will realize that Israel is not what they see on the news or what Hamas tells them it is. Israel is an amazing country dedicated to protecting its citizens in the most humane and moral way possible.
An everyday occurrence in Israel: an IDF Border Patrol Soldier helping Arab children fix their bike in the Old City of Jerusalem. 

Video: Israel 411
The International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) rejected a bid by the Palestinian government to join the body on Tuesday after Israel lobbied against the move.

"The Palestinians once again attempted to politicize a professional organization," the joint statement by the Israel Police and Foreign Ministry stated.

"This is part of the ongoing Palestinian campaign to try to to evade direct negotiations, and to transfer the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to professional international bodies, which disrupts their work," it added.
Obsession: UN committees adopt 10 resolutions against Israel in a single day
Actress Hayden Pannetiere at the Dead Sea in Israel!
The 700,000 member Histadrut labor federation urged the German GEW union (The Education and Science Workers Union) on Sunday to stop its attacks on Israel and focus on advancing the conditions of Palestinian and Israeli workers.

The Histadrut strongly opposes the BDS phenomenon, which contradicts the belief and ideology of the GEW, Avital Shapira, director of Histadruts International Department, told The Jerusalem Post on Sunday. It is counterproductive, harms innocent Israeli and Palestinian workers and its goal is to delegitimize and demonize Israel and Israeli organizations, she said.
Today we remember the awful night known as Kristallnacht. During the night of November 9-10, 1938 there were a series of attacks against Jews and Jewish businesses throughout Germany.

Kristallnacht, meaning the Night of Broken Glass, refers to the streets of Germany which were covered in broken glass belonging to the shops and windows of Jewish-owned buildings and synagogues.

During the night, 91 Jews were murdered and 30,000 were arrested and later deported to the concentration camps of Sachsenhausen, Buchenwald and Dachau.

Today we remember antisemitism suffered by Jews in Germany and do not forget that even today there are acts of antisemitism worldwide.

Never again!
We applaud these brave Moroccan journalists for going against the grain and visiting Israel!
Extremely dangerous: UNRWA textbooks, over 200 different textbooks, found to be teaching Palestinians to kill Jews.
Tired of the politics on your newsfeed today? Check out the new baby fennec fox kittens in the Ramat Gan Safari!

The four are the offspring of proud parents Penny, who was born in the UK and came to Israel five years ago, and French fox Louie, who came to Israel four years ago. Both parents are seven years old.
How do BDS bullies pursue their agenda? Through threats and harassment. Exhibit A? An open house in Northern Virginia:
Israel's Arab soldiers who are risking their lives to protect the Jewish state:
Inside the start-up nation's efforts to win the Google Lunar XPRIZE by putting a spacecraft on the moon!
Palestinians, like others in the world, have become active internet users. Nearly two-thirds report having a computer and half use a smartphone. Young people form the majority of users. With this level of penetration, the Internet is already playing a significant social role in their lives.

What has been trending in Palestine? The report analyses 18 campaigns that tell us something about the Palestinian mood...and it isn't encouraging.
Engie, an Israeli app that aims to revolutionize the car repair industry, has announced a $3.5 million investment round. The app allows drivers to connect to the cars computer, understand the cars health, know how much the repair will cost, and choose the best mechanic nearby.

Almost 100,000 users and 200 mechanics have joined Engie since it was launched in Israel last year.
The Palestinians are about to have a major water crisis because the Palestinian Authority is refusing to work with Israel. Over that past 6 years, Israel has made motions to improve the conditions of water infrastructure in the West Bank and Gaza strip, but they have all been refused by the PA.
Another MAJOR BDS fail! Netflix has purchased Israeli TV Drama Fauda to stream worldwide on its network.
For the first time ever, Israel marks Aliya Day to honor new immigrants who have dedicated their lives to this country.
Thank you Pennsylvania for passing anti-BDS legislation in your state!
ACTION ALERT: The Chemical Brothers are receiving immense amounts of pressure from BDS activists and Roger Waters to cancel their show in Tel Aviv. Go to their Facebook page and tell them why they should come to Israel, counter the anti-Israel hatred!
Repping Israel at the NYC Marathon! Israeli vet. soldiers Elad and Aviad ran the marathon without very little prior training in order to support Alon, a young child struggling with the genetic "Duchenne" (muscular dystrophy) disease, and its negative affects and implications.

Please, read and learn how you can help:
http://www.en.lifeforalon.org.il
Israeli-Arab Mohammad Kaabiya has a statement to share on the Balfour Declaration:  "The Palestinian Authority is requesting from Britain to apologize for the Balfour Declaration.
 
As an Arab-Israeli that lives in Israel, I want to send Britain thank you notes and blessings for issuing the Balfour Declaration."
Ziggy Marley and his Israeli-Iranian wife are creating a new fusion of Jamaican and Jewish customs in their kitchen. Check it out:
After Cologne Wailing Wall is outlawed, a town meeting in Germany dissolves into violence from anti-Israel bigots after the event venues director says he will not tolerate even "a touch" of bigotry and bans the activists Antisemitic photo exhibit.

We applaud the venue director for taking a stand even in the face of violence, for what is right.
The world must learn how unique and diverse the Jewish state is, an Ethiopian-Israeli beauty queen told The Algemeiner on Friday, amid a week-long US college campus speaking tour.

There are Americans who I meet who are surprised that Im Jewish and that I was an officer in the IDF and won Miss Israel, 25-year-old Yityish Titi Aynaw said in an interview with The Algemeiner while in New York City. Its weird for them. They dont understand my story. Everything good that I represent, they dont realize that these are things that can happen in Israel.
Continuing our Presidents on Israel series to mark the election: 40th President of the United States Ronald Reagan had been a friend of Israel's since it was established. He knew that Israel had a right to defend itself then and now.
Fun fact of the day: Palestine Airways was founded by Pinchas Rutenberg [A Zionist Jew] and funded by the Jewish Agency. 

Despite this, anti-Israel activist routinely use photos such as the one below to "prove" their point, unknowingly proving the opposite.

H/t @Ymikarov
We are happy to announce the opening of the StandWithUs  Fellowship program for leadership and public diplomacy!

Every year, the Fellowship trains 180 of the best and brightest Israeli university students, chosen from a pool of 1,500 applicants, to become effective global ambassadors for Israel and prepares them to assume leadership roles in Israeli society.

If you are a student in Israel, apply now, and if you know someone who should be in the program share this with them: http://www.standwithus.co.il/fellowship/
Incredible development from Israeli scientists in the global fight to cure AIDS.
Germany is speaking out against Antisemitism on social media with a new probe of Facebook for their failure to deal with blatant Antisemitism.
The latest outrageous Palestinian move? Claiming the Dead Sea scrolls belong to Palestinians.
Mazel tov to Wonder Woman herself: Israeli actress Gal Gadot! 

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3910970/Wonder-Woman-Gal-Gadot-shares-pregnancy-news-Instagram.html
Continuing our Presidential series of Israel quotes from US leaders: Former President Bill Clinton understands the important relationship the US has with Israel. "America and Israel share a special bond. Our relations are unique among all nations. Like America, Israel is a strong democracy, as a symbol of freedom, and an oasis of liberty."
"It is manifestly right that the scattered Jews should have a national centre, and a national home to be re-united, and where else but in Palestine, with which for three thousand years they have been intimately and profoundly associated?"
- Winston Churchill in 1921
Profound hypocrisy on full display in the UN by Iran: "At the UN on November 1, 2016, Iran  the world's most prolific executioner of children and sponsor of terror  accused Israel of being "child-killers" and the "prime source" of terror."
All in the family, 3 generations of IDF soldiers.
The truth about Jerusalem, according to Islam? It's Jewish. Time for the Arab states to stop the political games. 

"Israel could counter Muslim lies about the Jewish history of Jerusalem by pointing out 10 centuries of Islamic sources that confirm Jewish ties to the Temple Mount, or the Ottoman decrees that guaranteed the Jews the right to worship at the Western Wall."
The Camaras left war-torn Ivory Coast for France but soon had to contend with wide-spread anti-Semitism. Now, they've come home!
Morally and legally we cannot afford to be silent in the face of Antisemitism.

"A California congressman issued a warning Tuesday to the University of California Board of Regents that failing to prevent antisemitism in the classroom and on campus 'violates federal law.'"
Most of us have experienced being ignored while a friend or family member is too caught up in their cell phone to pay attention...now Israel has created a solution for that.
NOW in Rabin Square in Tel Aviv, Israel: thousands gather to remember former Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Shavua Tov! May you have a great week!

Photo: www.tzachiyaffe.com
Birthright participant saves Israeli woman's life

After putting his bone marrow on a national registry, New Yorker Peter Schottenfeld was called upon to save the life of Israeli Eti Brazilai; two met for the first time this week; Schottenfeld: 'I would do it again without hesitation.'
Shabbat Shalom, a restful weekend for all! 

Photo: www.tzachiyaffe.com
35th President of the United States, John F. Kennedy, was passionate about Israel and believed in the state tremendously. "It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom."
Started in 2012, the StandWithUs High School Internship Program is a high school leadership program that prepares students for the challenges they may face regarding Israel in college and in their communities. Students participate in a year long program that includes two national conferences, ongoing educational online workshops, and they receive guidance and funding to run programming in their high schools and youth groups. Students are encouraged to participate in positive campaigns that inspire their peers and educate people about Israel. 

Upon completion of the program, participants will be prepared to comfortably take the reins of leadership the moment they start college and they will be automatically part of the StandWithUs alumni network. The alumni network will keep the students on track to continue their Israel advocacy efforts, provide them with new and exciting opportunities for advanced Israel advocacy, and funnel them into our college-level Israel advocacy program upon their entrance into college. Students will continue to receive support from StandWithUs throughout their college career and beyond. For more information, please e mail highschool@standwithus.com. 

If you would like to find out when to apply for the High School Internship, please e mail highschool@standwithus.com.
Supporting a racist bigoted movement is disturbing, but even more disturbing is their excitement at announcing to the world they're proud antisemites.

A Goldsmiths, University of London, rugby side has announced its backing for the anti-Israel Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions (BDS) movement by adding a Palestinian flag to the sleeve of players shirts.

The flag can be seen in an image posted to the teams Facebook page. It came with this explanation:
Were excited to reveal our new kit which features the Palestinian flag, as part of our SUs continued commitment to supporting BDS. Were hoping through our work with Goldsmiths Palestine Society this year we can encourage more societies and clubs to endorse and raise awareness about BDS.
How the BDS movement is a blow to academic freedom
After readers of Conde Nast Traveler cast over 100,000 votes, Jerusalem and Tel Aviv have been ranked among the world's 40 best cities! Not surprising if you have ever been to Israel.
Justin Bieber will be coming back to Israel! A concert has been scheduled for the superstar singer to perform in May of next year.
Thirty religious leaders from Israel's Druze, Christian, Jewish and Muslim communities have condemned, in unison, extremism at Auschwitz. They also called on world leaders to join them in the fight against racism and fanaticism. #RoadtoPeace
Beautiful rendition of 'Lament for Jerusalem' conducted by John Rutter featuring the Aurora Orchestra.
Harry Truman, 33rd President of the United States, always believed in the State of Israel. He made sure to officially recognize the nation as soon as it was established on May 14th, 1948.
Israeli Mentalist Lior Suchard amazes audiences on the Late Show with James Corden!
"The massacre in Mosul and its surroundings has already begun. Everyone is killing and massacring everyone. Not just ISIS. The world is watching. The world knows. And the world is keeping quiet. Only several weeks ago, it happened in Aleppo in Syria. The big hospital was ruined. The world knows, watches and keeps silent."
With more than 6 doctors for every thousands inhabitants, Arraba in Northern Israel has one of the highest numbers of doctors per capita in the entire world!
Isaac Bachman, Israel's Ambassador to Sweden, has called on the country to reject the recent UNESCO resolutions. He said, "Denying Israel's ties to the Temple Mount is like denying Sweden's ties to IKEA."
Kobi Ifrach, 20, becomes one of the elite Israeli bodybuilders in history by winning the Mr. Universe competition
What is UNRWA...and why are they still around?  investigates:
The organization which spends 95% of their time and energy condemning the Israel Defense Forces is now being trained by the Israel Defense Forces. 

United Nations peacekeeping forces are scheduled to participate in a special emergency field medical seminar headed by the Israeli military and local medical professionals, Israel Hayom learned Sunday.

The seminar, to be held in the next few weeks, aims to address one of the fundamental challenges U.N. peacekeeping forces face in their assignments in conflict zones worldwide: saving lives on the battlefield.
The Campaign Against Antisemitism has found that one of the leaders from UCL's protest last week has a history of some very antisemitic tweets. His hatred for Israel seems more like a hatred for Jews.
100 years ago, the Balfour Declaration set the tone for other world leaders to speak out and support the creation of a Jewish state. U.S. President Woodrow Wilson was one of those who spoke out in favor of the declaration. #Balfour
An Israeli citizen attempted to buy a mirror for his car from a garage in England only to be turned down because of his nationality. The owner of the garage compared Israel to ISIS and refused to 'do business with the state of Israel.' When told that he was just doing business with a person, not with the state itself he replied by saying that the customer should not live there then. The garage owner spewed countless lies about the Jewish state that can only be blamed on hate and ignorance.
This year marks many historical anniversaries for Israel, like today: we begin the 100th year of the Balfour Declaration. We are always reminded what the struggle for Israel's right to exist has really been about. 
 
"It was and remains about the undermining and denying of Jewish history, rights and international law in order to undermine and seek the destruction of the State of Israel."
99 years ago today, the Balfour Declaration was penned. The declaration confirmed the UK's commitment to and recognition of the right to a Jewish state in their historic homeland. Through this document, the re-birth of Israel became a reality for Jews already living in their homeland, and for Jews in the disapora who had been expelled historically.

Today, we celebrate and thank Arthur Balfour for writing the Balfour Declaration and believing in Israel!

Learn more about the historical legitimacy and importance of the Balfour Declaration: https://www.standwithus.com/booklets/Balfour/
Eyewitness account of attack on Jewish students at UCL: 
"We were being hunted". 

Full Cub Magazine article: http://cubmagazine.co.uk/2016/10/this-weeks-need-to-know-we-were-being-hunted-vicious-anti-semitic-protesters-attacked-jewish-students-at-peace-event/
More: http://us2.campaign-archive1.com/?u=15a77f248c38cb9f767895ad9&id=ae79af0097
Matching former IDF combat soldiers to US counterparts, Heroes to Heroes initiative has its first trip for American women suffering from PTSD as a result of their service
Absolutely repulsive: an art exhibit (sponsored by the city of Cologne, Germany) featured a work of "art" that combines a swastika and a Star of David. When this outrageous piece was rightly criticized, the response was that, "This work shows the state symbol of Germany until 1945, and a symbol of the State of Israel today." The artist is Juraj Kralik from the gallery "Kir Royal" in Spain.

This isn't debatable. A comparison between Nazis and the state of Israel is antisemitic and should not be tolerated, especially by Germany.

WRITE to protest here:

City of Cologne (who sponsored the exhibit) here: http://www.cologne.de/contact
Kir Gallery: info@kirroyal.es
Head of the Art Fair in Cologne: gehlen@art-fair.de 

Via:   10
ACTION ALERT: Extreme Antisemitism at Wits - University of the Witwatersrand! Help us in emailing the university and ask them to condemn this behavior! 
Email: webmaster@wits.ac.za
Two El Al flight attendants were just looking for their lost phone when they found a tourist unconscious at a train station. The two performed CPR and saved the man's life! So thankful that he was saved.
Now that's a Halloween costume we love! The newest superheroes? Juslims!
Franklin Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States, was amazed with the dedication and development happening in the British Mandate of Palestine by Jews before Israel was given statehood. He believed in the Jewish homeland.
Incredible new breakthrough in the fight against AIDS thanks to Israeli researchers
International lawyers are calling on the world soccer organization to investigate egregious violations by the Palestinian Football Association (PFA).

In a letter to the chair of the FIFA (Fdration Internationale de Football Association) Monitoring Committee for Israel and Palestine, the Lawfare Project  a nonprofit legal organization  and a host of international lawyers brought attention to the PFAs violations of the FIFA statutes.

If FIFA officials plan to take action against the Israeli clubs in disputed territories, they must also be prepared to acknowledge and punish the Palestinian Football Association for these brazen violations of FIFA codes, the letter stated. FIFA must protect itself and all institutions of international sport from being politicized and dishonored in Palestinian attempts to ostracize the Jewish state.
Strengthening ties with Israel is one of Italian President Sergio Mattarella's goals. On a recent trip to Israel, he visited Jerusalem, Hebrew University, Yad Vashem, and the grave of late President Shimon Peres.
"This is further proof of the bond between our two countries."

More: http://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/Rome-emphasizes-ties-to-Israel-and-Holocaust-remembrance-471265
The Muslim inscription confirming Jewish link to the Temple Mount
Israel is willing and ready to send assistance to Italy in the wake of Sunday's earthquake, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at the weekly cabinet meeting, shortly after yet another earthquake hit central Italy.

I would like to say to my friend, the Prime Minister of Italy, Matteo Renzi, Israel is prepared to send aid to the best of its ability, Netanyahu said.
29th US President Warren Harding believed in the Jewish people's contribution to society and saw the potential greatness they could achieve in their own nation.
Happy Halloween! 

Instagram: @colbydacorgi
BREAKING: shooting terror attack in Beit El leaves 3 Israelis injured, 1 seriously.
Ten minutes before the event was to begin, I stood outside the main doors of the venue with a list of peoples names to check before they were allowed in. All of a sudden, a group of about 50 anti-Israel protesters appeared in front of us all. They held Palestinian flags, wore keffiyehs, and chanted aggressively in our faces.

All I could help think about was the hate in their eyes and the way they looked at me with such disgust. They did not know me at all and yet they were ready to act in such a way that made me scared for my well-being.

What happened next is hard for me to write about, but in doing so I hope to raise awareness for the true nature of these protesters that claim they are doing so in the name of human rights.

For the first time ever, I was assaulted. I was severely pushed against the main doors by the back of a protester. She held me there for up to two minutes. I screamed. I screamed for help. I screamed for her to move. I screamed that I could not breathe. Yet she stood there. She stood and revelled in the fact that she was able to cause me such distress. But for what? What was she aiming to achieve by doing so? Did my screams mean nothing to her?

 let them try and intimidate us, let them behave like animals, but my people know fear and hatred all too well, and we will overcome.

Read the full article at the Times of Israel: http://blogs.timesofisrael.com/hatikvah-in-the-face-of-hatred/
 
More on this and video: http://us2.campaign-archive1.com/?u=15a77f248c38cb9f767895ad9&id=ae79af0097
Enough of the bullying from the Palestinian Authority and other Arab nations in international bodies. These organizations were not created to promote racist xenophobic agendas, yet that is exactly what the PA and other UNESCO member states have used them for.

Stop Temple Denial! Sign the petition: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites
Breathtaking: 13-year-old Jewish boy sings "K'she Halev Boche" (When the Heart Cries) including the lyrics "Shema Yisrael" and stuns the audience.
Just hours before an antisemitic mob broke out in "protest" of the mere presence of an Israeli at UCL, Baroness Ruth Deech, a patron of StandWithUs UK delivered an incredibly relevant and important speech in the House of Lords debate on anti-Semitism in UK Universities. 

h/t Sussex Friends Of Israel
How Israel is teaming up with IBM to improve life for those with chronic diseases:

Israel-based Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, the worlds largest generic medicines producer, and the American computing giant IBM announced on Wednesday that they will expand their global e-Health alliance to [discover] new treatment options and [improve] chronic disease management, The Times of Israel reported.

Both initiatives will be hosted on IBMs Watson Health Cloud in order to help healthcare organizations derive individualized insights and obtain a more complete picture of the many factors that can affect peoples health through machine learning, the companies explained in a statement.
In 1819, John Adams wrote to American-Jewish leader Mordechai Noah his dream to see again a Jewish nation in the land of Judea. If only he could see his dream has become a reality. John Adams was the first American president to make a pro-Zionist declaration. 

Read more: http://www.jpost.com/Christian-News/Second-US-president-John-Adamss-dream-for-Israel-471205
A group of Israeli tourists looking for board while planning a trip to Germany next summer were shocked after a guesthouse in the southwestern region of Baden-Wrttemberg last week urged them to cancel their reservation due to their nationality. 

"We don't Want have Guests from Israel, because our apartments are Not for them [sic]. Please cancel the Booking," read a Google translated message that one of Israelis posted to Facebook.
A compelling and brutally honest open letter to an anti-Semitic professor by a Canadian Jewish student at York University:
Israel continues to propel the world to the future...of beer!
BREAKING: 3 Israelis injured in Palestinian car-ramming attack.
Don't be a BDS-supporting fool. This Halloween, let's remember that terrorists aren't wearing a costume when they call for destruction of the world's only Jewish state. 

Cartoon by Vladik Sandler   for TICP - The Israeli Cartoon Project
Surfs up in Israel! Stab Magazine with an incredible feature on Israel's surfing community! "Israel wasnt what I expected. When I first told my wife I was going she was like, Nope, you cant go, and to be honest, I second guessed it for a moment...I was blown away by the contrast to my expectations and the reality. Israel felt like one of the safest places Ive been...The friendly people, incredible food, fun waves, the hummus, buzzing surf culture, and did I mention the food? At the end of the week and the pilgrimage to find surf in Israel, I didnt want to leave..."
Israeli Wonder Woman Gal Gadot breaks down Israels Electoral System to Jimmy Kimmel:
At this very moment, Apple is launching their new MacBooks and did you know the tech came from Israel? 

Boycotters, read it and weep:
The niece of a senior-level Fatah official speaks about her support of Israel:
An IDF position near Nablus in the West Bank was vandalized with swastikas overnight according to Israel Radio.

The vandals also spray painted the position with slogans calling for "death to Jews."
The star of David was equated to the swastikas.
On October 27 at an event featuring an Israeli speaker, anti-Israel protesters assaulted Jewish students, including the StandWithUs UK Campus Director, who attended a lecture by IDF res. Hen Mazzig (a former StandWithUs staff member). They also openly called for the destruction of the State of Israel. This is the extremist reality behind the anti-Israel movement on campus. The event was hosted by our friends Camera on Campus UK (Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America) together with KCL Israel Society and UCL Friends of Israel.

READ MORE/MORE VIDEO HERE: http://us2.campaign-archive1.com/?u=15a77f248c38cb9f767895ad9&id=ae79af0097

Video: Channel 4
Palestinians answer: so where does the term "Palestine" come from? 

Fact Check: The use of the term Palestine was only widely recognized as a name for the region in 135 CE when the Romans took over and named the region Syria-Palaestina in order to punish the natives - the Jews, who revolted against them. The area had previously been called "Judea." 

The Romans took the name from the Greeks, who took it from the biblical Hebrew name Philistine () which means invader. The ancient Philistines, ancient enemies of the Jewish people, were not Arabs nor did they have any relation to Arabs or the Arabic language. 

Additionally, there has never been an independent state of Palestine in the region. In contrast, the Kingdom of Israel was established in 1000 BC and Jews have maintained a continuous presence in the land for over 3,000 years despite multiple expulsions.

See more on the street questions as part of the Ask an Israeli/Ask a Palestinian Project: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCc4iogeOUXNw1RZSNTOlMeg
Israel continues the tradition of providing humanitarian aid to countries in need.

Israel has provided 12 portable solar generators to Fiji to help the Pacific island nation as it continues to recover from the destruction wrought by Tropical Cyclone Winston last February.
Shavua tov from StandWithUs. Share to wish your friends a peaceful week!

Photo: www.tzachiyaffe.com
An Israeli firm says a super-efficient engine it has created could drastically reduce fuel consumption and help power an auto industry revolution as manufacturers search for environmentally sound alternatives.
We're proud of students for working together to stand up for Israel at UC Berkeley yesterday in the face of tremendous anti-Israel bigotry.

For years, students at UC Berkeley have faced intimidation from anti-Israel student groups. We applaud Tikvah: Students for Israel and Bears for Israel for speaking out!
Shabbat Shalom to you and your family!

Photo: Eyal Asaf - Aerial Photography
Lord Trimble and Robert Quick call on the UK to work with a natural ally, Israel, to defeat Islamic extremism and secure the safety of UK residents in the face of terrorism.

"Given the slanders against Israel - which emanate not least from the same Islamist propagandists residing here in the United Kingdom who hate the West and this country also - it is perhaps surprising to some that we found Israel to be a beacon of hope in this fight on a recent fact-finding visit"
I was assaulted. We were attacked.

I'm Devora Khafi, Campus Director of StandWithUs UK. Last night I and fellow students were barricaded in by violent extremists at a pro-Israel event on the UCL campus held by Camera on Campus UK (Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America) together with KCL Israel Society and UCL Friends of Israel. 
Students under threat, holed up in a room, facing abuse and violence -  just because they are Jewish.

Shocked? You should be. 
But don't just be shocked. Help us fight back. 

Stand with our student leaders today; Make a donation - whatever you can give will go towards supporting them: https://www.justgiving.com/stand-with-us

StandWithUs UK is leading pro-Israel campus activity by:

- building a network of Jewish and non-Jewish pro-Israel leaders on British campuses who are pushing back against university BDS activists

- fighting back against BDS boycott
activity via our campaigns and supporting Israeli targets of BDS in Britain

- running powerful and positive pro-Israel events and supporting grassroots activism including the major Shalom Festival and the Confederation of Friends of Israel in Scotland

- bringing hundreds of Jewish and non-Jewish student leaders to our Israel Education Center for intensive advocacy training

Read more about this shameful event here: http://www.timesofisrael.com/pro-palestinian-protesters-tr/

I promise you, we will not let this stand. Stand with and support our pro-Israel students with a donation today!!

Donating in the U.K.? StandWithUs UK is a Registered Charity, donate here: https://www.justgiving.com/stand-with-us

Donations outside UK: www.standwithus.com/donate

On behalf of all the brave students standing up for Israel - Thank you,
Devora
Roger Waters anti-Israel obsession isn't panning out so well for him. 

Thanks AmEx!
A delegation of Israelis representing startups in technology to help the disabled are completing on Friday a visit to Australia to meet with government officials, investors and potential business partners; appear at numerous events and explore opportunities within the context of Australias National Disability Insurance Scheme (NDIS).
For the first time, the BBCs Arabic service will broadcast a documentary focusing on Israel's minority Arab population and the growing number who are voluntarily serving in the Israel Defense Forces. The film follows the first all Arab unit of the Israeli Defense Forces to be deployed inside the West Bank, as well as others serving in integrated units with Jewish soldiers.
Disgraceful: at a House of Lords event in the UK, Jews were blamed for the Holocaust.
Memo to the Palestinian Authority: It shouldn't need to be said...but terrorists are NOT heroes.
British radio broadcaster Maajid Nawaaz lays out the difference between anti-Semitism and legitimate criticism of Israel.
The niece of a top official in the Palestinian Fatah party and a close confidant of the late leader Yasser Arafat says she loves the State of Israel so much, she had the word Israel in Hebrew tattooed across her shoulder blades.
Beautiful! The IDF performs the Israeli national anthem, in sign language!

Via Israel Defense Forces
Jerusalem is mentioned 660 in the Hebrew bible. This is what Jerusalem, 660 times, looks like.
Israeli passengers were shocked to see Israel NOT listed on their personal maps aboard a Hainan Airlines flight to Tel Aviv. The airline is saying its a glitch, and apologized saying they would fix the problem.
A wonderful coexistence event at a time when Antisemitism is rising in the UK.
Israeli singer and iconic pop sensation Dana International recently took on the role of goodwill ambassador of her own accord, expressing pro-Jewish sentiment during a show in Luxemburg. Choosing to sing the classic Jewish song Hava Nagila, the songstress told her audience that she wished to dedicate it to the stupid UNESCO and its decision, referring to the United Nations agencys failure to recognize the Jewish peoples connection to Jerusalem. Enjoy with the Jewish people from now and to eternity, she said, before beginning the song. The crowd reacted with a round of applause.
The German teachers union has apologized for their Israel boycott, but mixed messages are being sent as the apology was removed from its site after six weeks online. While the president of the union has made public statements against BDS, many of her colleagues are loudly for it.
The Pope has a message for UNESCO:
Stunning and sickening: tonight, two Palestinian 8-year-olds were apprehended by the IDF outside Jerusalem near Migdal Oz after if was discovered they were carrying knives to stab Israelis. The children confessed they were sent with instructions to stab. 

A sad reminder of the ugly reality of Palestinian child abuse.
Insanity: tonight the IDF identified and apprehended 2 Palestinian children - 8 years old, who were sent out to stab Israelis in Migdal Oz. This is child abuse by the Palestinian society.
Indian cuisine coming to Israel!

Chef Manish Mehrotra is now set to work with Taizu to present his interpretation of Indian cuisine to Israeli diners.
"According to Roman Jewish historian Josephus Flavius, after the destruction of Jerusalem in the year 70 CE to put an end to the Great Jewish Revolt, there was left nothing to make those that came thither believe it [Jerusalem] had ever been inhabited. Titus wanted to erase the very connection of the Jewish people to the city of Jerusalem and the land of Israel...

If Vespasianus Augustus Titus, the Imperial Roman commander who destroyed the Second Jewish Temple and burned Jerusalem, were alive today to see recurring United Nations Educational, Social and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) resolutions ignoring the Jewish connection to Jerusalem, he would be very proud to see the product of his handiwork."
At the time when UNESCO was denying our history, archaeology continues to prove it! Oldest Hebrew mention of Jerusalem found on papyrus from the 7th century BCE.
So who cares about preserving heritage and historical sites? Apparently not Jordan.

Today in UNESCO, the international body responsible for preserving heritage of world historical sites, Jordan demanded that Jerusalem's status be returned to the way it was prior to June 5, 1967...when Jordan occupied the Old City of Jerusalem, prohibited Jews from visiting their holy sites, and expelled Jews from parts of Jerusalem entirely. 

This was a time when Jordan had destroyed the entire Jewish Quarter of the Old City, including 52 synagogues, and had destroyed the ancient 2000 year-old cemetery on the Mt. of Olives. 
 
Apparently, this is what stands behind Jordan's proposed UNESCO resolution that erases an indisputable 3000 year old Jewish link to Jerusalem's Temple Mount and the city as a whole. 
 
Pictured: an Arab Legion soldier in ruins of Hurva Synagogue in Jerusalem
After UNESCO passes yet another absurd resolution denying Jewish ties to the Temple Mount, the Israeli representative literally throws the resolution in the trash, where it belongs.

Video: Sussex Friends Of Israel
#Breaking In second vote, UNESCO votes to pass resolution denying any Jewish connection to the Temple Mount, what a disgrace. 10 votes in favor, 2 against, 8 abstentions, 1 absent.
Temple Mount archeologist condemns absurd actions of UNESCO denying Jewish ties and history to the Temple Mount. 

Just minutes ago, UNESCO again voted to deny Jewish ties to the Temple Mount under bullying and threats from multiple Arab states and the Palestinian Authority.
Our very own Shahar Azani, StandWithUs' Northeast Executive Director, met with UNESCO Director General Irina Bokova and presented her with a petition signed by over 76,000 people who call on UNESCO to recognize the connection between Jerusalem and the Jewish people. Shahar also presented her with a gift, a menorah that resembles the Western Wall. StandWithUs is making a difference everyday around the world, this is just one example.
Today, we celebrate 22 years of peace with Jordan!
Just how backwards is the Palestinian media? COGAT - Coordination of Government Activities in the Territories explains that yesterday multiple Palestinian news agencies reported on social media that the Erez crossing between Gaza and Israel was closed. The reality? It was open all day. 

Can't make this stuff up.
Palestinians continuing their absurd campaign against historical truths by seeking to undermine the Balfour Declaration.
As UNESCO and the Arab states within it continue their campaign of denying Jewish history, it's more important than ever to fight against Temple Denial.
We did it! Today, Shahar Azani of StandWithUs delivered YOUR petition to the Director of UNESCO, Irina Bokova, condemning the bigoted UNESCO resolution denying Jewish history. Thanks to you, the petition had over 75,000 signatures. 

More below:

Petition submitted to UNESCO leadership on October 25:
UNESCO: Stop Denying the Jewish Connection to Jerusalem and the Holy Sites
 
(Paris, France-- October 25, 2016) --. On Tuesday October 25, 2016, the Israel education organization StandWithUs (SWU) and the International Legal Forum (ILF), joined hands with Israels delegation to the United Nations Educational, Social and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and officially submitted a petition to UNESCOs Director General, Irina Bokova. It carries the signatures of over 76,000 concerned people that is representative of the opinions of millions of Jews, Christians and others and calls upon UNESCO to recognize the irrefutably deep historic, cultural and religious connection between the Jewish people and the land of Israel.

 A letter was also presented on behalf of StandWithUs founder and CEO, Roz Rothstein to Director General Irinia Bokova that expresses its deep appreciation for her courageous stand against distorted versions of culture and history, as exemplified by the resolution currently under consideration. (below and attached). 
His Excellency, Mr. Carmel Shama Hacohen, Ambassador and Permanent Delegate of Israel to UNESCO, along with Shahar Azani, StandWithUs Northeast Executive Director  and Yifa Segal, Director of the ILF, officially submitted the petition, which fights the mendacious UNESCO draft resolution that erases the 3,000-year-old Jewish connection to Jerusalem. The resolution is scheduled to be voted on Wednesday, October 26, 2016. https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites

UNESCO was created with the clear mandate to build bridges between nations, protecting heritage and supporting cultural diversity. The Temple Mount is the holiest place in the world for the Jewish people where, according to Jewish, Greek, Roman, Christian and Islamic sources, two Jewish Temples stood.  By deliberately ignoring the over 3,000-year-old Jewish connection to the Temple Mount, UNESCO violates the basic human rights of Jews everywhere, as well as those of other religions whose beliefs and heritage include the spiritual and historical connection of the Jewish people to Jerusalem. In addition, such unfounded and erroneous resolutions not only distort history, but undermine UNESCOs own mandate to bring nations together, and support incitement and anti-Semitism which might lead to violence. 

 Amb. Shama-Hacohen had this to say: This petition is yet another manifestation of the deep bond between Jerusalem and the Jewish people. The list of states and leaders expressing remorse for their past votes and object to the Arab proposals is getting longer and longer. Whomever thinks Italys Prime Minister was the last surprise in this regard for the Arabs, will find themselves surprised again and again. The petition presents a strong moral voice, much more than the immoral Arab proposal trying to erase 3000-year-old history with ignorance and insolence. Israel respects Muslims and other faiths and their presence in our holiest of places, and it is tragic that the other side doesnt have a leadership which will do the same, but rather one which is engaged only in doing the exact opposite. This is no longer an Israeli-Palestinian struggle, but an Arab struggle against the entire Jewish world. It is clear that Israel and the Jewish people will survive this, yet it remains unclear whether UNESCO will. 

Israel would like to express its profound appreciation for the organizers of this proper and sound petition, who made their way here to send a clear message to the world: we shall all defend the Jewish connection with Jerusalem, no matter where we are around the world

 Shahar Azani added: As an educational organization, the StandWithUs community deeply understands the importance of opposing well-orchestrated lies, especially when they are manufactured within the Educational arm of the international community. We will continue to be true to our mission that education is the only road to peace. 

Yifa Segal stressed that this petition reflects the views of millions of people around the world, who are unwilling to accept destructive resolutions that attempt to rewrite history. Such resolutions are dangerous and undermine the very reasoning behind the existence of international organizations such as UNESCO.

 LETTER FROM STANDWITHUS TO DIRECTOR GENERAL IRINA BOKOVA
 Director General Irina Bokova
World Heritage Center,
Paris, le-de-France
10-25-16 
 
Your Excellency,

Thank you so much for taking the time to meet with us.  We would like to begin by expressing our deep appreciation to you for your courageous stand against distorted versions of culture and history, as exemplified by the resolution currently under consideration.
StandWithUs is a fifteen-year-old, high profile international Israel education organization. We create materials, host conferences and missions to Israel, produce films, create curriculum for middle and high schools, and are present on hundreds of university campuses world-wide.  We are extremely popular on social media reaching millions of people each day with our wide variety of educational posts on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and others.

Your Excellency, StandWithUs is profoundly concerned that as a consequence of the Israeli-Arab conflict UNESCO has become deeply politicized to the point of undermining its own mission of work[ing] to create the conditions for dialogue among civilizations, cultures and peoples, based upon respect for commonly shared values.  

It is shocking that UNESCO passed a resolution, and is about to pass yet another, that denies historical realities and negates the Jewish people's 3,000-year-old connection to their holiest sites:  Jerusalem's Temple Mount and the Western Wall.

Through these polarizing and destructive resolutions UNESCO is inciting dangerous ill will against Israel, the Jewish people and Judaism. Since young adults are our future, I am sure you will agree that they will either be misguided by the UNESCO resolutions or they will see the anti-Semitic bigotry embedded within them.  Resolutions that deny Jewish history puts UNESCO in the position of both sanctioning the worlds oldest hate of anti-Semitism and destroying the confidence of millions in UNESCO as a credible agency of the United Nations. 

With these resolutions, UNESCO has allowed itself to become a vehicle for fomenting conflict, intolerance, misunderstanding and injustice in stark contrast to its aim to contribute to the building of peace and intercultural dialogue. These resolutions severely damage UNESCOs credibility and make a mockery of UNESCOs very raison d'tre. 

As such, the pending resolution renders UNESCO ineffective in creating the cultural bridges between Israelis and Palestinians that are so badly needed. 

Historians, archeologists, and theologians of the Jewish, Christian and Islamic faiths recognize that over 3,000 years ago, the Jewish people built a thriving civilization in the land of Israel. Ever since, various empires including the Babylonian, Roman, Byzantine, Rashidun, Umayyad, Fatimid, Crusader, Mamluk, Ottoman and others have colonized the Jewish homeland, often seeking to erase Jewish identity and sever the Jewish peoples connection to their indigenous and ancestral homeland and their holiest sites.
Your Excellency, over the centuries many empires have tried and failed to erase the Jewish peoples deeply rooted connection to their homeland and their holiest city, Jerusalem.  This pending resolution with its denial of historical realities, places UNESCO on the wrong side of justice, peace and truth.

Please do everything in your power to stop this damaging and dishonest resolution from passing.

With Deepest Appreciation,

Roz Rothstein,
Founder and CEO,
StandWithUs
The shrinking Jewish community of Morocco must hid their Judaism, for they are in danger of being harmed by Islamic State migrants. "We don't wear kippahs outside."
Looks like BDS activists aren't the only ones threatening violence if others vote against them. The Palestinian Authority has now warned UNESCO members if they do not vote unanimously against Israel in the upcoming resolution. The PA has resorted to bullying.
Remembering the incredible story of the 1972 Bangkok Hostage Crisis: In 1972, armed Palestinian Black September guerrillas seized the Israeli Embassy in Bangkok, threatened to execute the six Israelis inside and blow up the building. But just as suddenly they surrendered, saying We love your king when told that King Bhumibol Adulyadej was appointing his son as sole heir to the throne that very day.
The danger of denying Jewish history: "Yasser Arafat understood it very well. There is immense power in the unprecedented invention of the denial of the Temple and of Jerusalems Jewish history.

In July 2000, during the Camp David summit between Bill Clinton, Arafat and Ehud Barak, Arafat came out with a novelty: in Jerusalem there is no trace of Temple of the Jews, it is a myth, it never existed.

Arafat knew that the right of the Jews to their land was not linked to the Holocaust, but to history. That is why Arafat intended to deny the relationship between Jews and Zion. This ridiculous version of events became the largest propagandas tool of the Palestinian Arab war."
The unbelievable tales of smuggled Torah scrolls that survived incredible journeys
"To assert that antisemitism is unlike other racisms is not to claim a privilege for it. Hating a Jew is no worse than hating anyone else. But while many a prejudice is set off by particular circumstance  the rise in an immigrant population or a locally perceived threat  antisemitism is, as often as not, unprompted, exists outside time and place and doesnt even require the presence of Jews to explain it"
New York and California universities found to be the hotspots of Antisemitic and anti-Israel hate nationwide. StandWithUs is leading the fight against BDS and anti-Israel bigotry.
Yet another absurd UNESCO resolution denying Jewish history.
Israelis celebrating Simchat Torah in Israel! Chag Sameach!

By Ynetnews
4 days later, PA still detaining Palestinians for visiting Jews in a Sukkah. "It is absurd that having coffee with Jews is considered a crime," Efrat mayor says. He also calls for the release of local Palestinians held for attending festive peace event.
Swastikas were found at seven sites on and near the campus of Canadas largest university in what appears to be two separate anti-Semitic incidents.
A mazel tov to all these children of fallen soldiers!

Dozens of orphans of fallen Israeli soldiers, and the son of an American serviceman who died in Afghanistan, celebrated their bar and bat mitzvahs in Jerusalem last week in a mass ceremony conducted by the IDF Widows and Orphans Organization.
Mazel Tov to Nobel Prize Winner Bob Dylan!
Why An Israeli Company Is Sucking Water From The Sky

Water-Gen believes its machines, which extract drinking water from the air, could be an answer to global water scarcity
Just how much does Palestinian leadership care about peace? So much that they arrested their own citizens for attending a coexistence event with Jews.
Another country speaking out against UNESCO's bigotry. Thank you Czech Republic!

The Czech Republics lower parliament voted 119-4 on Wednesday to condemn UNESCO Jerusalem resolution which it warned only strengthened anti-Semitism.
The United Nations celebrated Wonder Womans 75th birthday on Friday by naming the comic book character as its new Honorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Woman and Girls - and who better than the new Wonder Woman herself - Israeli actress Gal Gadot!
The United Nations celebrated Wonder Womans 75th birthday on Friday by naming the comic book character as its new Honorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Woman and Girls - and who better than the new Wonder Woman herself - Israeli actress Gal Gadot!
Tattoo artists from the US and Israel gather at the Israel Museum to offer terrorism survivors tattoos; 'I recognize I don't know why this stuff happened,' says Kay Wilson, who was severely injured as her friend was stabbed to death. 'And it's not a question of why, it's a question of how I am going to carry this cosmic event with dignity, and not live in hatrednot forgivebut seek justice.'
THANK YOU ITALY!

In a dramatic twist, Italy vows to oppose UNESCOs Jerusalem resolutions denying Jewish history.
Shabbat Shalom from the StandWithUs Family to yours.

Photo: Eyal Asaf - Aerial Photography
Jerusalem March attracts tens of thousands
With Israeli flags waving high, an electric enthusiasm permeates Jerusalems streets as tens of thousands turn out to march across the capital and demonstrate their friendship; We love Israel, and we want to support Israel.
A Sukkah on wheels? Yep. Israel has that too.

By: 
There's a reason it's called the start up nation! Israel ranks second in the world for innovation.

Read more: http://www.businessinsider.de/wef-15-most-innovative-nations-in-the-world-2016-10?op=1

Image: Eli Mandelbaum
Happy birthday to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu -  !
"Some 300 members of the Palestinian Fatah faction, headed by Palestinian Authority (PA) President Mahmoud Abbas, have begun receiving 'military training' in the Gaza Strip in preparation for war with Israel.

The armed wing of Fatah, Aqsa Martyrs Brigades - The Martyr Nidal Al-Amoudi Division, announced that its members have been enrolled in a new military academy for training 'fighters' in the Gaza Strip. The academy, inaugurated recently in the Gaza Strip, would train the 'fighters' on various fighting methods 'in the context of a program for preparing for any future battle' with the 'Zionist enemy.'"

Fatah is the political party of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.
This photo was taken at the Knesset in Jerusalem as people from all backgrounds came to pay respects to Shimon Peres z"l. Pictured you see Muslims, Ultra-Orthodox, and secular people united together to remember the legacy of Shimon Peres. This is the power of true advocates for peace: the ability to unite.

Photo by Michael Brand
IDF soldiers who donated bone marrow meet with the cancer patients they helped. So moving!

  Yedioth Ahronoth
This is how we respond to UNESCO:
Last month, 26 Israeli backpackers are put their big post-army trip on hold to take part in the humanitarian delegation of Fighters For Life (   | Fighters for life Israel)

They spent two weeks in the Deharabi slum, which is considered the largest slum in the world, and taught English, calculus, and personal hygiene. They also renovated buildings and showed a different side of Israel.

Fighters For Life was founded by three former officers from the Duvdevan unit, and sends humanitarian volunteer delegations to Mumbai, South America, Ethiopia and starting next year, Mexico.
BREAKING: Israel foils massive terror attack plot on wedding hall venue.

A group of four Palestinians, including one who was granted Israeli citizenship on humanitarian grounds, planned to carry out a terror attack at a wedding hall and also kidnap an IDF soldier to be used for leverage in negotiations with Israel, Israeli security officials said Thursday.
Despite pressure and outrage from Palestinian leadership, a group of foreign members of Parliament from numerous different countries visited the holy sites in Hebron for the first time. One "South African MP said Palestinian pressure not to visit reminded him of apartheid when they restricted his freedom of movement," reported journalist Raphael Ahren.

This is why we must stand up for freedom for ALL religions at the holy sites, which is what Israel is fighting for.
The official Palestinian Authority Tourism website states that "Palestine" has "a history of over 1 million years."

...Really?

The use of the term Palestine was only widely recognized as a name for the region in 135 CE when the Romans took over and named the region Syria-Palaestina. Additionally, there has never been an independent state of Palestine in the region. In contrast, the Kingdom of Israel was established in 1000 BC and Jews have maintained a continuous presence in the land for over 3,000 years despite multiple expulsions.

Source: https://travelpalestine.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/motaguide.pdf

http://travelpalestine.ps/main

Read more: http://www.israellycool.com/2016/10/19/palestine-office-tourism-website-illustrates-absurdity-of-palestinian-narrative/
The Italian newspaper Il Foglio initiated a protest of the recent UNESCO resolution denying Jewish ties to Jerusalem by garnering hundreds of signatures from influential Italian figures and publishing their named in the newspaper with a giant Israeli flag.

THANK YOU ITALY! <3

Via: ynet
Yet another Antisemitic incident shocks a Florida community:

An American flag was desecrated with anti-Semitic messages and then thrown in front of a synagogue in Tampa, Florida this past weekend.

Messages on the flag, discovered on a wall in front of Congregation Schaarai Zedek in south Tampa, blamed Jews for media bias and immigration policies, WTSP, the Tampa-area CBS affiliate, reported.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas held an official reception at his headquarters in Ramallah on Saturday for the family of a terrorist who died last month of a heart attack, the Hebrew news site nrg reported on Sunday.
A gift with purpose: Israel gives Taiwan tables that double as earthquake shelters.

Israeli envoy cancels Independence Day party to free up budget for 117 tables for classrooms, designed by Bezalel student.
"One of the striking and impressive things that we learned was that leaders on both sides of the Irish troubles had insisted that history be taught honestly and unflinchingly to their schoolchildren. For both camps, providing their children with the true facts of history trumped the narrow gains of political propaganda.

On our return, inspired by what we had seen, we developed a program for school textbooks  on both sides  to be reviewed by an independent committee of experts. Sadly, when the program became publicly known, it was rejected by the Palestinian leadership."
Over 70,000 have signed the petition against UNESCO's bigoted resolution denying Jewish and Christian history in Jerusalem. Have you? SIGN: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites?
Priestly blessing for the holiday of Sukkot at the Western Wall in Jerusalem!

Video by Dovi Meyer
Israel ranked second in the world for innovation! 

"Business Insider has rounded up the 15 highest ranked countries in the world for innovation, based on the World Economic Forums Global Competitiveness Report on the state of the worlds economies.

Innovation takes into account things like the quality of scientific research at universities, company spending on R&D (research and development), collaboration between universities and industry, patents, and the number of engineers and scientists in each country"
World historical sites according to the UN

By  ' Shay Charka for TICP - The Israeli Cartoon Project
For the first time ever, StandWithUs UK are proud to announce the launch of their first ever UK Leadership Programme. 

Inspired by the famous Emerson program in the United States, and the Fellowship in Israel, this programme will focus on campus students to prepare them for defending Israel at university. The time has never been as prominent as it is now to train this generation to become our leaders of the future. 

With anti-Zionistic and anti-Semitic hate a major problem across UK campuses, we are looking for strong leaders to challenge it. With top speakers, skills sessions, impactful projects and links to our global leadership network, this new programme will raise the bar! 

Share with U.K. Students who you think should apply!

https://forms.zohopublic.com/standwithus/form/ApplicationformUKIsraelleadershipprogramme/formperma/77H72K2BaamGDHek30324d2bK
Masters of disaster, IDF field hospital may be recognized as worlds best: World Health Organization considers giving Israel its highest rating for emergency medical teams, something no other country has achieved
Irina Bokova, chief of UNESCO, has been receiving "death threats" after she voiced opposition to Arab-backed resolutions ignoring Jewish ties to Jerusalem's holy sites on Thursday, AFP reported.
Despite last-ditch Israeli efforts, motion ignoring Jewish and Christian historical ties to holy sites is ratified by cultural body.

A disappointing, but not surprising decision by the UN.
Sign the PETITION which has over 70,000 signatures and will be delivered to UNESCO: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites

Thank you to all those who continue to work to make a difference! Together, we will continue educating for the truth.
URGENT ACTION ALERT: 
As UNESCO prepares for second vote on the resolution seeking to deny Jewish ties to the Temple Mount, we're calling on you to write to the countries who ABSTAINED or voted FOR the resolution in the first vote.

Urge them to vote AGAINST this resolution and affirm the ties of Judaism Christianity and Islam to Jerusalem.

Countries which abstained in first vote:
Albania: dl.albanie@unesco-delegations.org
Argentina, dl.argentina@unesco-delegations.org
Cameroon, dl.cameroun@unesco-delegations.org
El Salvador: dl.el-salvador@unesco-delegations.org
France: dl.france@unesco-delegations.org
Ghana: dl.ghana@unesco-delegations.org
Greece: dl.greece@unesco-delegations.org
Guinea: ambagui.paris@laposte.net
Haiti: dl.haiti@unesco-delegations.org
India: dl.india@unesco-delegations.org
Italy: dl.italie@unesco-delegations.org
Ivory Coast: dl.cote-d-ivoire@unesco-delegations.org
Japan: dl.japan@unesco-delegations.org
Kenya: dl.kenya@unesco-delegations.org
Nepal: nepalinparis@noos.fr
Paraguay: dl.paraguay@unesco-delegations.org
Saint Kitts and Nevis: dpdoyle@orange.fr
Slovenia: vpa@gov.si
South Korea: dl.korea-pdr@unesco-delegations.org
Spain: dl.spain@unesco-delegations.org
Sri Lanka: dl.sri-lanka@unesco-delegations.org
Sweden: dl.suede@unesco-delegations.org
Togo: unescotogo@gmail.com
Trinidad and Tobago: admin@ttperm-mission.ch
Uganda: Uganda.embassy@club-internet.fr
Ukraine: dl.ukraine@unesco-delegations.org

Countries vote for resolution in first vote (denying Jewish ties to Jerusalem):
Algeria: dl.algerie@unesco-delegations.org
Bangladesh: diplomatic@bangladoot-paris.org
Brazil: dl.brazil@unesco-delegations.org
Chad: dl.chad@unesco-delegations.org
China: dl.china@unesco-delegations.org
Dominican Republic: dl.domincan-republic@unesco-delegations.org
Egypt: dl.egypte@unesco-delegations.org
Iran: dl.iran@unesco-delegations.org (feel free to get creative)
Lebanon: dl.liban@unesco-delegations.org
Malaysia: dl.malaysia@unesco-delegations.org
Morocco: dl.maroc@unesco-delegations.org
Mauritius: paris@amb-maurice.frMexico, 
Mozambique: dl.mozambique@unesco-delegations.org
Nicaragua: dl.nicaragua@unesco-delegations.org
Nigeria: dl.nigeria@unesco-delegations.org
Oman: dl.oman@unesco-delegations.org
Pakistan: dl.pakistan@unesco-delegations.org
Qatar: dl.qatar@unesco-delegations.org
Russia: dl.russie@unesco-delegations.org
Senegal: dl.senegal@unesco-delegations.org
South Africa: multilateral.relations@afriquesud.net
Sudan: embassyofsouthsudaninparis@yahoo.com
Vietnam: unescovn@yahoo.com
During UNESCOs vote to deny Jewish ties to the Temple Mount, Mexicos Ambassador to UNESCO, Andres Roemer walked out of the hall in protest of his own countrys vote. Though he is being replaced as Ambassador, his actions have prompted Mexico to change their vote, enabling the cancellation of the first vote and a  revote on the resolution.

Let's hope the countries within UNESCO choose facts over petty politics and pressure from the Arab countries backing the bigoted resolution which seeks to undermine undeniable Jewish ties to the Temple Mount.
Musbah Abu Sbeih is now the latest "hero" of many Palestinians and not only his family. He is being hailed as a "brave" man and a "hero" because he woke up in the morning, grabbed an M-16 assault rifle and set out on a mission to kill as many Jews as possible.
Despite last-ditch Israeli efforts, motion ignoring Jewish and Christian historical ties to holy sites is ratified by cultural body.

A disappointing, but not surprising decision by the UN.

Sign the PETITION HERE which has over 70,000 signatures and will be delivered to UNESCO: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites

Thank you to all those who continue to work  to make a difference! Together, we will continue educating for the truth.
Thanks to its unique position at the crossroads of three continents, Israel boasts a soaring birdlife that delights ornithological beginners and experienced birders alike.

Check out the 10 best birdwatching spots in Israel!
"Here is a rather famous photo of Israels Defense Minister Moshe Dayan in 1967, after we reclaimed the old city of Jerusalem.
Notice anything interesting?

Look at the sign behind him: Al-Buraq (Wailing Wall) Rd.
You see, even the Jordanians, who during their 19-year-occupation of the Old City and East Jerusalem from 1948-1967, neglected the Jewish Quarter, destroyed Jewish property and kept the area Judenrein  had this as the sign by the Western Wall. An acknowledgement by the Muslim Jordanians that this was the wall of the Jews!"

Read more: http://www.israellycool.com/2016/10/15/the-iconic-photo-that-speaks-volumes/
After passing a resolution denying Jewish (and Christian) ties to Jerusalem, it's time for UNESCO to learn a thing or two about Jerusalem, Israel

Credit: @afagerbakke
The National Women's Studies Association (NWSA) recently made a historic mistake -- passing a Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) resolution against Israel, which includes the boycott of Israeli academics. Jewish, Israeli, and pro-Israel voices in the feminist movement have been silenced by this resolution. The NWSA must revoke its discriminatory BDS resolution that excludes marginalized groups from academia.

SIGN the petition!
Countries around the world look to Israel as example to building from scratch. "Tell us how you made Israel"
What does it mean to invest in Israel?

By   - 
"Recently Jerusalem has unfortunately had many terror attacks...This is our victory - to go out and raise l'chaims despite the hurt and loss. We aim to promote Jerusalem culture, and made a short video showing the amazing culture of Jerusalem," says Jerusalem resident

Film: Jerusalem Nights
A Letter to Congress: Condemn UNESCOs Libelous Jerusalem Resolution!
Rabbi Sacks speaking out in the House of Lords on the legacy of Shimon Peres and the importance of advocating for peace in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict - the opposite of what UNESCO has just done.
Amar'e Stoudemire loving life in Jerusalem!
Beautiful coexistence goes both ways!

In this video a Palestinian goes to Ichilov hospital in Tel Aviv to visit a Palestinian friend receiving treatment there. The Palestinian friend happened to be sharing a room with a disabled Jewish man who was unable to move at all, but was soon to be released from the hospital. When the Palestinian visitor heard this he insisted on cutting the Jewish man's hair and beard in order to make him look nice before he leaves the hospital.
Chag Sameach!
UNESCO's experts...

By Moshik Gulst for TICP - The Israeli Cartoon Project
The influential, cross-party Home Affairs Committee of the UK Parliament has published a report which details failings in the way antisemitism is investigated and dealt with within the UK. The report says that all political parties and media giants must address pernicious antisemitic hate.

The wide-ranging report on antisemitism stridently criticises Labour Party, Twitter, and Jeremy Corbyn.
President Rivlin hosts Israeli and Palestinians religious leaders in call for peace. We hope this fantastic example will be emulated throughout both governments.
Thank you Paris!
A bipartisan letter signed by 39 members of Congress criticized the resolution for attempting to erase the Jewish and Christian connection to this sacred city which would further damage the prospects of peace between Israel and the Palestinians.

As acknowledged by the draft text of Item 25, the Old City of Jerusalem is important to the three monotheistic religions. Numerous archaeological excavations have uncovered a myriad of antiquities that scientifically prove the historical connection of all three religions to Jerusalem, such as the discovery of the Pool of Siloam or the restoration of floor tiles of the Second Temple in the City of David. We celebrate the heritage and cultural ties of these religions to Jerusalem and the importance of Jerusalem to millions of people around the world.
Israelis didnt have far to go in the rush to get aid to the people of Haiti following Hurricane Matthews destructive brush with the island country. Thats because they were already there.

A crew from the nonprofit organization IsraAID has been in Haiti for more than six years, having arrived just after the January 2010 earthquake to help in rescue and recovery operations.
Not every church would host thousands of Israelis twice a year for a series of classical concerts.

The Benedictine and Kiryat Yearim churches in the Muslim village of Abu Ghosh are not, however, typical houses of Christian worship. Run by small orders of Catholic nuns and monks, they have both been in existence for many years, forging their version of coexistence in this hilltop town outside Jerusalem.
Archaeology 101: Jews and the Temple Mount
A lesson for UNESCO:
Forty years ago, Chaim Herzog stood athwart the institutionalized corruption and bigotry that is the UN when they debated the "Is Zionism Racism" resolution. Forty years later, UNESCO demonstrated the exact same ignorance. The iconic response of Chaim Herzog should be the response of every person of conscience today.

h/t Jeffrey Woolf
Flying a plane over Israel-hater Roger Waters' concert with a peaceful message to counter his hate? 

Why, yes we are!

A plane will fly above the crowd during the musician's October 16th performance, with a lit banner that says "Support Israeli-Palestinian Peace, Not Hateful Boycotts".  It will be visible from 9:30-10:30pm
OECD reports Israelis are fifth most satisfied with life.

h/t Eylon Aslan-Levy
Building a Sukkah? Send us your most creative photos of you celebrating for your love for Israel in the Sukkah! Social@Standwithus.com
After the UNESCO resolution denying Jewish history, Japan withholds annual dues to UNESCO. The Asian nation says that its actions are to make sure the UN body properly functions to foster trust; Japan second-largest donor after the US, which has withheld dues since 2011 because of Palestinian participation.
UNESCO Director General speaks out against UNESCO member states who voted to deny Jewish connection to Temple Mount.
Wishing you and your families a Shabbat Shalom, from StandWithUs!

Photo: Eyal Asaf - Aerial Photography
After UNESCO's outrageous resolution, Israel has suspended all cooperation - and rightly so - with UNESCO.
Insanity: Section 38 of the UNESCO resolution denying Jewish ties to Jerusalem blames Israel for the wave of Palestinian terrorism last year which killed over 40 Israelis 

#UNESCO
While Israeli football promotes coexistence and embraces different cultures, Palestinian football is literally promoting terrorism.

Sports should not be used as a vehicle for racism and hate. ENOUGH.
StandWithUs Condemns Dishonest UNESCO Resolution Omitting Jews' Connection to Their Holiest Sites, October 13th, 2016

LOS ANGELES, October 13, 2016 - StandWithUs condemns an anti-Israel resolution passed by UNESCO that effectively erases history and denies the Jewish people's 3,000-year-old connection to their holiest sites - Jerusalem's Temple Mount and Western Wall.

Full statement below:
In Israeli excavations regarding the Temple Mount, not even one Muslim artifact has been found that predates Jewish archeological historic finds. Yet UNESCO, overrun by extremists, has declared it a "Muslim" site.

Pictured: Street built by Jewish King Herod at the base of the Temple Mount - pre dating Islam itself by over 600 years. 

Part of the wall of the Temple Mount is a stone weighing 500 tons, placed by Jewish King Herod over 600 years before Muslims were ever in Jerusalem. 

H/t Kay Wilson
A wonderful CNBC report with the Young Turks India on Israel's incredible start up nation and what it means for India - featuring StandWithUs India!

Catch this special episode over the weekend on CNBC-TV18
Sat 11:00 am & 8:30 pm 
Sun 12 noon
Before Yom Kippur, Israelis gathered around the country to pray for their neighbors, the people of Syria who are suffering greatly. Israel is constantly providing medical aid to wounded Syrians at the border because saving one life is saving the world.
UNESCO's long and pathetic history of denying Jewish history.

Not once, not twice, but three times, UNESCO has denied historical truths: that Rachel's Tomb, The Cave of the Patriarchs, and the Western Wall and Temple Mount are Jewish holy sites. This insanity has to stop. SIGN THE PETITION: http://chn.ge/1UknKfD

More: 

http://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/Politics-And-Diplomacy/UNESCO-says-no-Jewish-history-on-Temple-Mount-Hebron-and-Bethlehem-Integral-part-of-Palestine-451517

http://honestreporting.com/idns-10212015-unesco-israel/

http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/202224#.VyFKaNQrLIV
UNESCO passes resolution not only denying the Temple Mount's Jewish ties, but also portraying the Western Wall as Muslim holy site. This is historically inaccurate and insulting to both Christianity and Judaism. Enough! 

Over 20,000 people have already signed the petition telling the UN to STOP denying Jewish connection to the holy land. Join us by signing today: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites
The Bible...as revised by UNESCO.

Over 20,000 people have already signed the petition telling the UN to STOP denying Jewish connection to the holy land. Join us by signing today: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites

Video: Israel MFA
The countries which voted for this UNESCO resolution were not just denying Jewish history and ties to the Temple Mount and Western Wall - but were denying Christian history and heritage as well.

Over 20,000 people have already signed the petition telling the UN to STOP denying Jewish connection to the holy land. Join us by signing today: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites
In 1899, even the Arabs in the region recognized as absolute truth the ties of Jews to Jerusalem. Today, UNESCO voted to DENY both Jewish and Christian ties to Jerusalem. 

Utterly shameful that UNESCO would even entertain such a motion. 
What next? Saudi Arabia on the UN Human Rights Council? ...Oh wait, that already happened.
Absolute insanity

Over 20,000 people have already signed the petition telling the UN to STOP denying Jewish connection to the holy land. Join us by signing today:
https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites
Business as usual at the UN: UNESCO passes resolution not only denying the Temple Mount's Jewish ties, but also portraying the Western Wall as Muslim holy site.

Over 20,000 people have already signed the petition telling the UN to STOP denying Jewish connection to the holy land. Join us by signing today: https://www.change.org/p/unesco-stop-denying-the-jewish-connection-to-israel-and-the-holy-sites
Iconic singer Bob Dylan has won the Nobel Prize for Literature. We congratulate him on this remarkable achievement! Dylan has always been a strong supporter of Israel and even wrote a song about how the world is disproportionately obsessed with the only Jewish state - which simply tries to defend itself. The song is titled ironically, "Neighborhood Bully" 

Full lyrics below:

Well, the neighborhood bully, he's just one man
His enemies say he's on their land
They got him outnumbered about a million to one
He got no place to escape to, no place to run
He's the neighborhood bully.

The neighborhood bully he just lives to survive
He's criticized and condemned for being alive
He's not supposed to fight back, he's supposed to have thick skin
He's supposed to lay down and die when his door is kicked in
He's the neighborhood bully.

The neighborhood bully been driven out of every land
He's wandered the earth an exiled man
Seen his family scattered, his people hounded and torn
He's always on trial for just being born
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he knocked out a lynch mob, he was criticized
Old women condemned him, said he could apologize
Then he destroyed a bomb factory, nobody was glad
The bombs were meant for him. He was supposed to feel bad
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, the chances are against it, and the odds are slim
That he'll live by the rules that the world makes for him
'Cause there's a noose at his neck and a gun at his back
And a licence to kill him is given out to every maniac
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he got no allies to really speak of
What he gets he must pay for, he don't get it out of love
He buys obsolete weapons and he won't be denied
But no one sends flesh and blood to fight by his side
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he's surrounded by pacifists who all want peace
They pray for it nightly that the bloodshed must cease
Now, they wouldn't hurt a fly. To hurt one they would weep
They lay and they wait for this bully to fall asleep
He's the neighborhood bully.
Every empire that's enslaved him is gone
Egypt and Rome, even the great Babylon
He's made a garden of paradise in the desert sand
In bed with nobody, under no one's command
He's the neighborhood bully.

Now his holiest books have been trampled upon
No contract that he signed was worth that what it was written on
He took the crumbs of the world and he turned it into wealth
Took sickness and disease and he turned it into health
He's the neighborhood bully.

What's anybody indebted to him for ?
Nothing, they say. He just likes to cause war
Pride and prejudice and superstition indeed
They wait for this bully like a dog waits to feed
He's the neighborhood bully.

What has he done to wear so many scars ?
Does he change the course of rivers ? Does he pollute the moon and stars ?
Neighborhood bully, standing on the hill
Running out the clock, time standing still
Neighborhood bully.
Israeli scientists discover new metabolic way to resist viruses:
Thanks in part to your efforts, FIFA made the right decision and did not give in to Palestinian efforts to sanction Israeli football teams today. THANK YOU!

Israeli football brings diverse communities together, and it is something that should be promoted. Share!

Video via   | Gilad Erdan
Who were the refugees of 1948? Watch and learn:
Asking the tough questions: where are the Jews really from? Check out the answers we received!
Making peace...through music! A history of Israeli peace songs:
Israel at the UN speaking out for women's rights! This important UN address is by StandWithUs Fellowship Alum and diplomat Nadav Yesod.
An incredible story of a banker who fooled the Nazis only to help save more Jews.
Today, 50 Israelis came together on Israel's biggest highway, which was empty for Yom Kippur, to send the world a message of peace! 

Amazing job by JOY Records!
We are shocked that this is happening, a teacher in Germany posed as a Jew only to spew anti-Israel hatred to students.
In Israel, the streets are empty on Yom Kippur, even on Israel's busiest highways. Last year JOY Records took the opportunity to gather Israelis together on the Ayalon Highway to send a message of PEACE on Yom Kippur. 

In just a few hours, dozens of Israelis will gather again to create this years peace sign! 

Gmar chatima tova!
Yom Kippur in Israel. 

Gmar Chatima Tova

Photo via U.S. Embassy Tel Aviv, Israel
Shin Bet foils Hamas suicide bus bombing in Jerusalem:

Shuafat refugee camp resident was allegedly days away from carrying out attack, directed by Hamas in Gaza; said bombings the way of God
"Israels green campaigners note the quiet streets and clear skies on Yom Kippur Day

Yom Kippur, the Jewish Day of Atonement, is the holiest day of the year in Judaism and begins this Friday. For non-Jews in Israel it is a day when the streets are quiet, peaceful and vacant of anything but feet.

But beyond urban tranquility, green campaigners in Israel have noticed an unexpected benefit to the Jewish day of prayer and fasting: the countrys ecological footprint is significantly reduced."
YOM KIPPUR IN ISRAEL: The roads are empty of cars and the synagogues are full of people. A time for introspection, reflection, for forgiveness and atonement.

Wishing you and your family a happy and healthy new year and wishing Israel a year of prosperity and most of all, peace. Gmar Chatima Tova
Whether it's before Yom Kippur or for the break-fast, these recipes need to make a way to your dinner table.
The amazing footage from the Western Wall during Slichot last night as thousands gather to ask forgiveness before the day of atonement, Yom Kippur, begins.

Gmar Chatima Tova!

Video: The Keffiyeh Monitor News
Slichot at the Western Wall in Jerusalem ahead of Yom Kippur.

Gmar Chatima Tova!

Photo:  
While Jews around the world will begin fasting and repenting today, 7 TV shows will expose their audiences to Yom Kippur in a different light.
ACTION ALERT: Human Rights Watch is launching a campaign against Israel petitioning FIFA to get them kicked out. Yet HRW is completely ignoring the use of sport to promote terror by the Palestinian Authority. 

On October 13th, FIFA will hold a meeting to discuss the proposal to sanction Israel. 

Write to FIFA and tell them the witch hunt against Israel is immoral and absurd: 
http://www.fifa.com/contact-FIFA.html

SAMPLE LETTER:

Dear President Infantino,

I am deeply troubled by recent reports of possible discrimination within your organization. It appears that several anti-Israel organizations are petitioning FIFA to expel the Israeli Football Association. Such an action constitutes blatant discrimination and makes FIFA part of a political movement whose intent is to eradicate the State of Israel. These organizations hide behind use human rights rhetoric to spread their messages of hate and to poison football with their prejudice. Just recently, anti-Israel football hooligans disrupted a Celtic - Beer Sheva game, and blocked Israeli fans from entering a stadium in Milan, simply because they are Israeli. Since its inception, FIFA has promoted the love of sports and cooperation over conflict and bias. FIFAs non-discriminatory resolution reflects a zero tolerance policy towards racism and discrimination. The anti-Israel movement within FIFA is in direct breach of this resolution through its discriminatory agenda and hateful intent to isolate the only Jewish nation state. Football should be used to unite, not discriminate. I urge you to keep FIFA out of this misguided political climate by dismissing the attempt to sanction Israel and use sports as a weapon of hate. Likewise, I urge you to condemn the bullying of Israeli athletes in games around the world.

Sincerely,

Your Name
Is Tel Aviv the foodie capital of the Middle East? Washington Post thinks so!
Amar'e Stoudemire reveals his holy life in Jerusalem, Israel!
Yesterday, celebrations were seen in East Jerusalem to 'honor' the terrorist who killed two Israelis. Many obstacles on the road to peace...
After two people were killed during a shooting attack on Sunday, a video of the terrorist's daughter was made public, in which she came out in defense of her father and stated how proud she is of his actions

"We're very happy and proud of our father," she can be heard and seen on the recording. "My father is a great man. Our relationship, as father and daughter, was excellent."
Just a few hours ago, Yossi's wife cried out "We had so many plans together." 4 months ago their life was bliss, perfect. Yossi was murdered yesterday by a Palestinian terrorist. As we mourn his loss, we honor his memory and the love he had for his wife, Noi.
The unprecedented outcry over Abbas's participation in the funeral of an Israeli leader is further proof of the degree to which Palestinians have been radicalized...

If attending the funeral of an Israeli leader, especially one who devoted the past two decades of his life to peace between Israel and the Palestinians, draws such condemnation, it is easy to imagine the result of a Palestinian leader making a peace overture to Israel.
A powerful story as we enter Yom Kippur: "Why Yom Kippur is important to me as a Muslim"
After last years fiasco in Spain, the Jewish reggae star doesnt mince lyrics  relying solely on ideals for inspiration.
Welcome HOME!

The first group of Ethiopian Jews to move to Israel after waiting for three years will arrive at Ben Gurion International Airport on Sunday evening, almost a year after the government approved the immigration of 9,000 Jews still left in Ethiopia.

The 78 immigrants who will be on the flight were first approved by the Interior Ministry in 2013 but never came due to lack of budget for their absorption, which includes housing allowances for at least two years and apartment grants.
Why do Google, Facebook and Microsoft execs love Israel?

Israel truly is the Startup Nation. You think like us. You break things, you make things, youre creative. Its special.
The owner of a Jewish restaurant in Munich is closing his doors due to anti-Israel and anti-Semitic protests over the last two years. "People from the educated, well-off middle class have decided to hold me responsible as a representative of Israel."
The terrorist from today's shooting was on his way to be jailed for incitement. The violence that is encouraged on social media is real and is killing Israelis.
Heartbreaking: wife of murdered policeman - married only 4 months ago, says at the funeral "We had so many plans together, a home, children."
The current wave of terrorism began on the eve of New Year last year, and unfortunately continued in full intensity. Watch the    - Magen David Adom teams talk about 365 days of saving lives whilst working under a constant threat.
In a horribly divisive moment, a student witnesses some Arabs in a cafe near site of attack celebrating the death of Jews this morning.
All life matters...wildlife too!

Rony Malka, director of law enforcement for the Israel Nature and Parks Authority (INPA), received a 2016 Clark R. Bavin Wildlife Law Enforcement Award at the 17th Conference of the Parties of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora on Monday in Johannesburg.

He was recognized for numerous accomplishments during his 40-year career to protect wildlife and improve wildlife law enforcement efforts in Israel.
The second victim of today's terror attack has been identified as 69-year-old Levana Malihi.

May her memory be a blessing
Yossef Kirme, an Israeli policeman, 29, was one of two killed in today's terror attack perpetrated by a Palestinian terrorist. The other victims was a 60 year old woman. 6 others were injured including a 63-year-old Palestinian.  

Our thoughts and prayers are with Yossef's family in this difficult time. 

May his memory be a blessing.
Disgusting: Local Arab witness of the Jerusalem terror attack today gleefully shouts "Allahu Akbar" while recording the shooting attack that left a 60 year old woman and a police officer dead, along with 6 others injured (3 critically).

This is why there isn't peace.
In 2012 Students for "Justice" in Palestine had this guy, Khader Adnan, speak to their national conference. If they really were about justice and human rights, would have anything to do with someone who incites the murder of innocent people?

We're calling BS.

https://medium.com/@samarov.max/whos-really-driving-grassroots-anti-israel-activism-in-america-273eed7b0cd6#.6j6j62422
BREAKING: terror attack at Ammunition Hill in Jerusalem. 7 injured 2 killed after the terrorist opened fire. One victim was a police officer, the other a female bystander. 

The terrorist was apprehended.
POP QUIZ! Modern day Antisemitism or Nazi propaganda?
In a possible historic breakthrough, researchers and scientists and Tel Aviv University have found a way to change a gene that causes Alzheimer's Disease. Israel never stops its mission to heal the world. We wish the best of luck to the researcher team on further development!
Ever wonder what Jerusalem looked like over 100 years ago? An artist has added color to already breathtaking photos of the Holy City from the 1890's.
ACTION ALERT: Human Rights Watch is launching a campaign against Israel petitioning FIFA to get them kicked out. Yet HRW is completely ignoring the use of sport to promote terror by the Palestinian Authority. 

On October 13th, FIFA will hold a meeting to discuss the proposal to sanction Israel. 

1. Write to FIFA and tell them the witch hunt against Israel is immoral and absurd: 
http://www.fifa.com/contact-FIFA.html

2. SHARE your letter in the comments below!
 

SAMPLE LETTER:

Dear President Infantino,

I am deeply troubled by recent reports of possible discrimination within your organization. It appears that several anti-Israel organizations are petitioning FIFA to expel the Israeli Football Association. Such an action constitutes blatant discrimination and makes FIFA part of a political movement whose intent is to eradicate the State of Israel. These organizations hide behind use human rights rhetoric to spread their messages of hate and to poison football with their prejudice. Just recently, anti-Israel football hooligans disrupted a Celtic - Beer Sheva game, and blocked Israeli fans from entering a stadium in Milan, simply because they are Israeli. Since its inception, FIFA has promoted the love of sports and cooperation over conflict and bias. FIFAs non-discriminatory resolution reflects a zero tolerance policy towards racism and discrimination. The anti-Israel movement within FIFA is in direct breach of this resolution through its discriminatory agenda and hateful intent to isolate the only Jewish nation state. Football should be used to unite, not discriminate. I urge you to keep FIFA out of this misguided political climate by dismissing the attempt to sanction Israel and use sports as a weapon of hate. Likewise, I urge you to condemn the bullying of Israeli athletes in games around the world.

Sincerely,

Your Name
"American Muslims for Palestine" a group funding dozens of events on US college campuses, claims to promote "American values" yet brings a defending of the 9/11 attacks to speak at their major conference.

We're calling BS.

Click here to learn more about the hypocrisy and hate behind anti-Israel activism on campus and elsewhere: https://medium.com/@samarov.max/whos-really-driving-grassroots-anti-israel-activism-in-america-273eed7b0cd6#.6j6j62422
Have a restful, peaceful Shabbat. Shabbat Shalom from StandWithUs!
A major step forward in holding Palestinian leaders accountable for funding terrorism.

The UK suspends millions in aid to the PA over their funding of terror:
Columbia university, 2016
At the University of North Carolina Charlotte, a Nazi flag was seen hanging from a student's dorm room window, a threatening image for many minorities in this country. Unfortunately, this act was defended as freedom of speech. The rise of anti-Semitism in the world is real.
Fact: Land stolen from Jews in Arab countries equals nearly five times the entire size of the state of Israel pre-1967. To this day, no reparations have been made.
Another article detailing the hypocrisy of FIFA in even entertaining the idea of sanctioning Israel.

On October 13th, FIFA will hold a meeting to discuss the proposal to sanction Israel. 

Write to FIFA and tell them to stop the discrimination against Israel: 
http://www.fifa.com/contact-FIFA.html

SAMPLE LETTER:

Dear President Infantino,

I am deeply troubled by recent reports of possible discrimination within your organization. It appears that several anti-Israel organizations are petitioning FIFA to expel the Israeli Football Association. Such an action constitutes blatant discrimination and makes FIFA part of a political movement whose intent is to eradicate the State of Israel. These organizations hide behind use human rights rhetoric to spread their messages of hate and to poison football with their prejudice. Just recently, anti-Israel football hooligans disrupted a Celtic - Beer Sheva game, and blocked Israeli fans from entering a stadium in Milan, simply because they are Israeli. Since its inception, FIFA has promoted the love of sports and cooperation over conflict and bias. FIFAs non-discriminatory resolution reflects a zero tolerance policy towards racism and discrimination. The anti-Israel movement within FIFA is in direct breach of this resolution through its discriminatory agenda and hateful intent to isolate the only Jewish nation state. Football should be used to unite, not discriminate. I urge you to keep FIFA out of this misguided political climate by dismissing the attempt to sanction Israel and use sports as a weapon of hate. Likewise, I urge you to condemn the bullying of Israeli athletes in games around the world.

Sincerely,

Your Name
'Students for Justice in Palestine' claims to stand in solidarity against the Armenian Genocide, yet is consistently funded by Armenian Genocide deniers like AMP. 

We're calling BS on Students for Justice in Palestine and other anti-Israel extremists. More about their racism and hypocrisy here: https://medium.com/@samarov.max/whos-really-driving-grassroots-anti-israel-activism-in-america-273eed7b0cd6#.6j6j62422
A group called HolyLanders did a social experiment to see if an Arab would be given a hug in Tel Aviv and if a Jew would be given a hug in East Jerusalem. Watching the moving experiment unfold as they realize how important love and understanding is to both sides.
A moving Rosh Hashana Speech delivered by Rabbi Nolan Lebovitz at Adat Shalom synagogue in Los Angeles about Anti-Semitism:
"This 2016 election cycle has revealed much beauty about the possibility of America, but it has also revealed much ugliness about America as well. I want everybody in this room to think of the racial tensions that have erupted - the likes of which I have not seen in my lifetime.

And now I'm fairly confident that the racial insensitivity we all just considered was not anti-Semitism..."

Read More: http://www.standwithus.com/news/article.asp?id=4919

Listen here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KMS94vfyfw&feature=youtu.be
Booked your next trip to Israel? Take our quiz to help plan where to go and what sites to see!
Yalla Bruce Springsteen! We can't wait!
ACTION ALERT: Human Rights Watch is launching a campaign against Israel petitioning FIFA to get them kicked out. Yet HRW is completely ignoring the use of sport to promote terror by the Palestinian Authority. 

On October 13th, FIFA will hold a meeting to discuss the proposal to sanction Israel. 

Write to FIFA and tell them the witch hunt against Israel is immoral and absurd: 
http://www.fifa.com/contact-FIFA.html

SAMPLE LETTER:

Dear President Infantino,

I am deeply troubled by recent reports of possible discrimination within your organization. It appears that several anti-Israel organizations are petitioning FIFA to expel the Israeli Football Association. Such an action constitutes blatant discrimination and makes FIFA part of a political movement whose intent is to eradicate the State of Israel. These organizations hide behind use human rights rhetoric to spread their messages of hate and to poison football with their prejudice. Just recently, anti-Israel football hooligans disrupted a Celtic - Beer Sheva game, and blocked Israeli fans from entering a stadium in Milan, simply because they are Israeli. Since its inception, FIFA has promoted the love of sports and cooperation over conflict and bias. FIFAs non-discriminatory resolution reflects a zero tolerance policy towards racism and discrimination. The anti-Israel movement within FIFA is in direct breach of this resolution through its discriminatory agenda and hateful intent to isolate the only Jewish nation state. Football should be used to unite, not discriminate. I urge you to keep FIFA out of this misguided political climate by dismissing the attempt to sanction Israel and use sports as a weapon of hate. Likewise, I urge you to condemn the bullying of Israeli athletes in games around the world.

Sincerely,

Your Name
Israel sends in an all female naval ship to intercept a "women's flotilla" which, by the way was carrying no humanitarian aid.

Nicely done Israel!
Allies in the cause? Hardly. Despite its blatant embrace of sexists and homophobes, anti-Israel hate group AMP had no qualms sponsoring a 'Students for Justice in Palestine' event at UCLA titled Feminism and Queer Activism for Justice in Palestine.

Enough! Expose the hypocrisy of these anti-Israel hate groups. These organizations are anti-justice and anti-human rights. 

More: https://medium.com/@samarov.max/whos-really-driving-grassroots-anti-israel-activism-in-america-273eed7b0cd6#.6j6j62422
Which Nation is (Still) the Number One Sponsor of Terrorism?

DING DING DING! That's right! Iran.

https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/9041/iran-terrorism-sponsor
The Palestinian Authority not only celebrates murderers: it produces new ones every day -- and does so knowingly and voluntarily. For this it uses textbooks, television and radio programs, and articles in newspapers, all paid for with money from Western governments.
The Irish district council of Derry and Strabane approved a motion to boycott Israel this week. In response, Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) politician Gary Middleton, a critic of the motion, pointed out that if they were serious about the boycott then the councilors should give up their iPads as Apple uses Israeli-manufactured flash memory components.

Sinn Fin councilor Jackson, who initiated the proposal, replied saying that Middleton's comments were "nonsensical" and added that "the motion itself was symbolic."

Can't make this stuff up.
Anti-Semitism at My University, Hidden in Plain Sight
Bedouin IDF soldiers take a break for some Debka!

By Ishmael Khaldi
Florida synagogue vandalized on Rosh Hashanah eve in alleged hate crime
'Free Palestine' spray-painted on entrance to Chabad building in Parkland in south Florida.
Why did StandWithUs bring a lemonade stand to campus? What does lemonade have to do with Israel's story? Watch this video to find out.
What do Bill Gates Barak Obama and Mark Zuckerberg all have in common? Hint: it has to do with another remarkable Israeli!

From hland, the latest place for Israel entertainment and news!
Intifada is murder, not just some political slogan. It refers to a brutal campaign of suicide bombings and other attacks by racist terrorist groups, which killed over 1,000 Israelis of all backgrounds. Those who chant in support of it have no right to call themselves activists for justice.

More: https://medium.com/@samarov.max/whos-really-driving-grassroots-anti-israel-activism-in-america-273eed7b0cd6#.6j6j62422
Progress:  In a historic first, two female lawyers were appointed as Israel's first Ethiopian judges on Thursday, as the Judicial Nominating Committee has named Adenko Sebhat-Haimovich to the magistrates' court, and Esther Tapeta Gardi to the traffic court.

More: http://www.israelhayom.com/site/newsletter_article.php?id=36853
A group of United States cyclists recently joined wounded veterans of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) on a solidarity bike tour of Israel.
Some 37 cyclists from the organization American Friends of the Israel Defense Forces (FIDF) took a cross-country bike ride with the Israeli vets, who had all benefited from the FIDFs rehabilitative programs and prosthetic devices.
International financial magazine Forbes ranked Tel Aviv as one of the 20 most beautiful destinations in the world. 

According to the rating conducted with the travel community and Lifestream-style social networks, "Beautiful Destinations", Tel Aviv was ranked in 15th place. "Tel Aviv's main strength is not necessarily cafes and restaurants, but people who love the good life."
The Bank of Irelandthe countrys oldest financial institutionshut down the accounts of the Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC). The termination of the pro-BDS groups accounts took place in Ireland and Northern Ireland in late September, due to high risk transfers to the Palestinian Territories.
On the one hand, anti-Israel activists claim solidarity with the black community and Black Lives Matter movement. On the other hand, they ignore Palestinian leaders and racist terrorist groups that profit from torture and human trafficking of black people in North Africa. 

We're calling BS: https://medium.com/@samarov.max/whos-really-driving-grassroots-anti-israel-activism-in-america-273eed7b0cd6#.6j6j62422

#BlackLivesMatter
Iran's foreign minister publicly boasts of Iran's support for multiple terrorist organizations: 

I am happy and proud of the fact that my brothers Qasem Soleimani, Hassan Nasrallah and Ramadan Abdullah [Shalah] contact me every day and thank me for the Islamic Republic's policies."

Ramadan Shalah is the leader of Islamic Jihad, Hassan Nasrallah is the leader of Hezbollah.
The simple guide to Rosh Hashanah celebration by Arik Danino: AD Design

Shana Tova! <3
Tel Aviv: A Beach-to-Market Food Tour!

Israeli food is having its global moment, spurring ever more inventive cooking in trendsetting Tel Aviv. Heres how to find the citys most exciting restaurants, food stallsand the king of all pita sandwiches
Humans of Judaism spotted this amazing special edition Coca-Cola for Rosh Hashanah

Chag Sameach!
From President Obama to PM Theresa May, leaders around the world are sending their wishes for Rosh Hashanah!

Chag Sameach!
May Your Coming Year Be Blessed with Good Health, Joy and Meaning, and May We Have a Peaceful Year Ahead!
Shana Tova from StandWithUs! May your year be filled with happiness and health!
Israel statistics as we enter a new year! Shana Tova!
Shana Tova!

By Tzohar 
Proud to see StandWithUs CEO and cofounder Roz Rothstein listed as the 25th most influential Jew by The Jerusalem Post!

See the full list here: http://www.jpost.com/50-Influencers-2016
"After a lengthy back and forth, I finally conceded. I reluctantly used duct tape to cover up the Jewish star on my backpack, to cover up who I am, even though I knew that something was terribly wrong with this. I shouldnt have to cover up my backpack. I shouldnt have to be a proud Jew only when its safe"
"I have noticed these wall protests popping up on campuses etc., and they never seem either reflective or prayerful. They are propaganda. Serious, bitter issues certainly surround the whole question of Israel and its [security barrier], but for churches to focus on this in the Middle East at this time is myopic. Not many miles away, their fellow Christians are being persecuted, expelled and murdered by Isis, their cries virtually unheard in our comfortable pews."
Because nothing proves the UK Labour has no Antisemitism problem like calls to expel Jews from the party...
Rana Choir, a mixed Jewish-Muslim-Christian womens chorus from Jaffa, received a 2016 International Hrant Dink Foundation award last week in Istanbul for its role in fostering intercultural dialogue.
One year ago today, Israeli couple, Eitam and Na'ama Henkin, were brutally murdered in front of four of their children by Palestinian terrorists who shot inside their car. This attack marked a rapid increase in terror attacks and a new wave of terror that would kill 40 and injure hundreds in the months to come.

The armed wing of Fatah took responsibility for the attack, and Hamas referred to the murder of parents in front of their four children as "heroic operation."

Today we remember.
Shameful: the White House Press secretary issues an embarrassing correction to President Obama's address for Shimon Peres' funeral in Jerusalem, Israel indicating that Jerusalem is not in Israel. This prompts the question: what country's security was protecting President Obama throughout his time in Jerusalem? 

More: http://www.jpost.com/International/White-House-corrects-Obama-speech-transcript-listing-Jerusalem-in-Israel-469215
Something to smile about in the midst of a great loss: who wore it better? World leaders rock the kippa.
Shavua Tov from StandWithUs! Wishing you a peaceful week.
As we welcome in Shabbat this Friday on the last Shabbat of the Jewish year, we remember the legacy of Shimon Peres   - a true Zionist who dedicated his entire life to serving the state of Israel. A great loss for Israel this week.

Am Yisrael Chai and may his memory continue to be a blessing. 

Shabbat Shalom
Sara Netanyahu to Mahmoud Abbas: "we look forward to having you in our home" 

Extraordinary to see such interaction between Palestinian and Israeli leaders in Jerusalem in honor of Shimon Peres.
Shimon Peres, today all the Israeli and the Jewish people salute you. 

Am Yisrael Chai because of icons like you.
President Bill Clinton eulogizes his friend Shimon Peres   in a moving and heartfelt speech at the funeral of Shimon Peres
President Barack Obama eulogizes former President Shimon Peres  : "I could not be more honored... to say farewell to my friend"

Video: i24NEWS English
LIVE from Jerusalem: The funeral of former President Shimon Peres
WATCH LIVE: Funeral of former President Shimon Peres  :
Stunning moment: Abbas and Netanyahu greet each other and shake hands at the funeral of Shimon Peres. 

Surely a step that would make Peres, a man of peace, proud.

At Peres' funeral, Mahmoud Abbas is seated in the first row, being treated as all the other heads of state, alongside leaders such as  President Obama. Another symbolic occurance.
Extraordinary moment! Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu greet eachother and shake hands at the funeral of Shimon Peres.

 What better way to honor the legacy for peace of Shimon Peres?

Dignitaries from Oman, Egypt, Bahrain, and dozens of other countries are also in attendance to honor Peres including US President Barack Obama.
Concordia University student asked to remove his kippa.

Howie Silbiger had just entered the hall building on his way to class when a young man told him to remove his Yarmulke, explaining that he shouldnt wear one in an Arabic university.
Almost all cel phones use technology developed in Israel but now, the iPhone itself is being developed in Israel!

Will boycotters throw away their phones?
The incredible technology of Sesame Enable - an Israeli innovation and enables people with disabilities to use smartphones without touching the phone. Innovations like Sesame Enable can truly change life completely for millions living with disabilities. Here, the CEO and founder explains how Sesame Enable works on Urban Disrupt:
Former Israeli Ambassador to the United States, Michael Oren, writes on why peace with the Palestinians won't be soon if they keep celebrating terror on Israelis.
Despite the fact that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas issued condolences for the passing of Shimon Peres, his politics party - Fatah, has other sentiments to share. 

Palestinian Media Watch reports: "On the day after former Israeli President Shimon Peres passed away, Fatah demonized Peres as a murderer about to enter Hell. In a cartoon on Fatah's official Facebook page (shown above) Peres is shown trembling and handcuffed as the Grim Reaper shows or reads to Peres from an English language scroll the long list of "crimes" that the PA-Fatah accuse Peres of committing. In the background flames are seen, representing the fires of Hell that, according to Fatah, are awaiting Peres.

Likewise, official PA TV's "Israeli affairs expert" spoke about Peres. The "expert," an Israeli Arab named Fayez Abbas, described Peres as a man of war who should have been tried in the International Criminal Court, and as "the greatest fraud in the history of the Zionist movement."
StandWithUs Official statement on the passing of a legend: Shimon Peres z"l
Dont worry, Shimon Peres used to tell his adversaries. I wont forget to die. The longest serving of all of Israels public servants, Shimon Peres completed his seven year term of office as President of the State of Israel, just two weeks shy of his 91st birthday.
In what would be a horrible decision, EU's top court is considering removing Hamas from their terror list. The court is neglecting the fact that they call for world wide Jewish genocide, and terrorize their OWN people along with Israeli civilians whenever they can.
After immigrating to Israel, the Jews that left Aleppo are feeling devastated by the destruction of their hometown.
The Knesset procession for Shimon Peres   today in Jerusalem, as former President Bill Clinton pays his respects.
.
As an act of honor to the late Shimon Peres, President Obama orders all US flags in the United States and at US institutions around the world to be lowered to half-staff Friday, September 30th. 

The Presidential Proclamation can be found here: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2016/09/28/presidential-proclamation-death-shimon-peres
Hamas calls for day of rage Friday during the funeral of Shimon Peres.
78 world leaders tentatively coming to Peres funeral

Former US president Bill Clinton
Britains Prince Charles
French President Francois Hollande
German President Joachim Gauck
Speaker of the upper house of the Russian parliament, Valentina Matviyenko.
US Secretary of State John Kerry
Polands President Andrzej Duda
European Council President Donald Tusk
Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende
After Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas immediately rejected Netanyahu's invite to the Knesset, a Saudi newspaper called him out for a missed opportunity. The newspaper told him not to be too dismissive as this invite is "reminiscent of the one issued by former Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin to former Egyptian President Anwar Sadat to visit Israel  and the rest is history. 

Another missed opportunity for Abbas...
We applaud Airbnb for their prompt and professional response to anti-Israel discrimination from hosts on their site.
Female U.S. war vets are finding help for their post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) far from home.

Thanks to a pioneering program, they've gone to Israel  and speak of a "common bond" shared with their Israeli counterparts.

One American soldier said she was impressed by the supportive bond shared by the former IDF women.

"Man, I wish all of us had that in the States, not just this little group," she said. "I mean  all the women in the U.S. should feel how they feel with each other, with this common bond and connection, it's amazing."
Remembering the wise words of Shimon Peres:
"Peace with the Palestinians will open ports of peace all around the Mediterranean. The duty of leaders is to pursue freedom ceaselessly, even in the face of hostility, in the face of doubt and disappointment. Just imagine what could be." -Shimon Peres

May his memory be a blessing.
Shimon Peres   may have passed, but the legacy he left behind has not. Peres inspired thousands to believe in peace. Together, we can change the world.
While the world's leaders took to social media to mourn, vile anti-Israel activists took to the internet to express their hatred for Israel upon the passing of Shimon Peres.

We hope for day when this type of hate will be universally rejected in all cultures.
As we mourn the loss of a great man, here is a selection of wise words from former President Shimon Peres.

Credit J-TV: The Global Jewish Channel
Beloved worldwide: world leaders, celebrities, and politicians react on social media to the passing of former President Shimon Peres  :

May his memory be a blessing.
Wonderful clip from CNN on the incredible dedication Shimon Peres had in all his endeavors for the state of Israel.
Shimon Peres z"l reminds us all to keep swimming.

May his memory be a blessing.
A few years ago, Barbra Streisand came to Israel together with world leaders and figures to celebrate the 90th birthday of President Shimon Peres   zl.

The hauntingly beautiful version of Avinu Malkenu is all the more poignant today, following his passing on the eve of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year.

Shalom, Shimon.
Shimon Peres, pictured with his wife, on gender equality in the Middle East:

May his memory be a blessing.
Shimon Peres 1923-2016
  
President, Nobel Prize winner, Prime Minister, founding father of the state of Israel, father, husband, hero: just a few of the words describing Shimon Peres. After 93 years, and a lifetime of public service, former President Shimon Peres has passed away.

His funeral will be held Friday, and many world leaders, including President Obama, will be attending to honor his legacy.

 May his memory forever be a blessing.
Shimon Peres, the last of Israels founding fathers, died early Wednesday morning at the age of 93.

May his memory be a blessing.
TODAY from 10 am to 10 pm, centers all over Israel (see locations below) will be open to find a match for Adam Krief, a Jewish 31-year-old father of 3 from Los Angeles, with a rare form of blood cancer called primary myelofibrosis.

The testing also hopes to find a match for two-year-old Adam Goman, of the central Israeli city of Modiin, who was diagnosed with myelodysplasia and also needs a bone marrow transplant.

Join us today and get swabbed for the bone marrow transfer database. It's free, painless, and can save a life. More info at: Hope 4 Adam

Locations in Israel:

Or Akiva -Orot Mall
Eilat  Icemall
Eilat  Mall Hayam
Eilat  Queen Sheba Mall
Efrat  Dekel Mall
Ariel- Maga Or Mall
Ashdod  Lev Ashdod Mall
Ashdod  Big Fashion
Ashquelon- Chutzot Mall
Beer Sheva  Grand Kenyon (Grand Mall)
Bilu Center (in Rehovot)
Bet Shaan- Tzim Center
Bet Shemesh  Big Kenyon
Givat Shmuel  HaGiva
Givatayim- Givatayim Mall
Dimona  Peretz Center Mall
Hertzliyya- Seven Stars Mall (Shivat Kochavim)
Hedera- Lev Hedera Ofer Mall
Holon- Azrieli Holon
Haifa  Grand Kenyon
Haifa  Chutzot Hamifratz
Haifa  Cinemall (formerly Lev Hamifratz)
Haifa  Azrieli
Tiberius  Mul Hakineret Mall
Yavne  Big Center
Jerusalem- hadassa ein Kerem
Jerusalem- Hadar mall
Jerusalem- Malca Mall
Jerusalem- Pisgat Zeev Mall
Jerusalem- Ramot Mall
Kfar Saba  The Green Mall Kfar Saba (Hayeruka)
Karmiel- Lev Mall
Mevaseret Tzion  Harel Mall
Mevaseret Tzion- Mevaseret Mall
Modiin- Azrieli mall
Maale Adumim- Adumim Mall
Maalot Tarshiha- Tzim Center Maalot
Nahariyya- Nahariyya Mall
Nes Tziona  Kenyoter Mall
Natzeret Elit- Dodge Center
Netivot  Tzim Center Mall
Natanya  Ir Yamim Mall
Natanya- Sharon Mall
Afula  HaAmakim Mall
Arad  Tzim Center
Petah Tikva  Hakenyon Hagadol (the big mall)
Petah Tikva- Sirkin Mall
Katzrin  Lev Mall
Qiryat Bialik- Kiryon Mall
Qiryat Gat  Lev Hair Mall
Qiryat Shmoneh- Shmoneh Mall
Rosh Pina  Galil Center
Rishon Letzion  Chonim Konim (Park and Buy)
Rishon Letzion- Zahav Mall
Rehovot  Rehovot Mall
Ramat Gan  Marom Neve
Ramat Gan  Ayalon Mall
Sderot  7 Mall
Tel Aviv  Dizengoff Center
Tel Aviv  Azrieli Mall
Tel Aviv  Ramat Aviv Mall
When your name is accidentally a lyric in a Jewish song...

Credit: Dr. Dan & Binyomin Kluwgant

We wish you a Happy New Year!
Pakistani speaks out against the rise of antisemitism in the UK:  "Anti-semitism is making a comeback right here in the UK. In August, the Community Security Trust reported that the number of anti-semitic incidents had reached the second-highest level in recorded history. In London the figure leapt by an appalling 62 per cent.

Respectable, middle-class people would recoil in horror if you accused them of racism, but are quite happy to repeat modern takes on age-old myths about Jews."
In the Middle East, it is hard to find a country where journalists are actually safe to report the news, current events, and to criticize the government. In Israel, it is encouraged and appreciated. Another example of the freedom one has in Israel.
On the morning of September 28th in Israel, Shimon Peres   passed away.

We celebrate and remember the legacy of Shimon Peres and his incredible accomplishments.   

May his memory be a blessing.
Sick: ISIS father daughter workout features toddler playing with guns.

The same twisted brainwashing we see from terrorist organizations like the Palestinian Hamas in Gaza.

Video: The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI)
Wounded Israeli army veterans meet with Holocaust survivors in this touching story found by Israellycool!

More: http://www.israellycool.com/2016/09/22/watch-powerful-scenes-as-idf-veterans-meet-holocaust-survivors/
Leadership: Muslim Congressmen and leaders from the United States call on Hamas to return the bodies of IDF soldiers Oron Shaul and Hadar Goldin, who were killed in Operation Protective Edge, based on the Quran's moral code.

H/t Ofir Gendelman  
Israeli drip irrigation coming to Central America!
United Nations Human Rights Council investigator Deubravka Simonovic recently visited the Palestinian Authorities and came to a not-so-shocking conclusion: the Palestinian legal system is not protecting women's rights. She called the legal system outdated and condemned their use of 'honor crimes.'

Why is it that the UN is condemning Israel for women's rights?
Continued discrimination against Israelis on Airbnb. This time, 4 students were looking for a place in Amsterdam and "Maria" had this response.

Airbnb recently sent out an email (second photo) recommitting themselves to dealing with bigotry, racism, and discrimination. We call on them today to deal with Maria appropriately.

UPDATE: Airbnb has BANNED this user from their site. 
Read More: https://www.algemeiner.com/2016/09/27/airbnb-swiftly-banishes-amsterdam-based-host-for-discriminating-against-israelis/
Exciting to see expanding cooperation between Jordan and the Jewish state!

An Israeli gas consortium on Monday signed what Israel called a historic $10 billion deal with the Jordan Electric Power Company to supply the Hashemite Kingdom with natural gas for 15 years.
New York Senator Chuck Schumer, at this years Israeli American Council's National Council, speaks the truth by saying BDS is a modern form of anti-semitism. 
"They ultimately don't believe there should be a Jewish state in the Middle East and are guilty of the same anti-Semitism. We need to make that argument loudly and strongly and go against the BDS movement and call it for what it is, an anti-Semitic and not just anti-Israel movement.
186,923 babies born over the last year in Israel!

Happy Rosh Hashanah!
Happy Birthday the oldest man in the world! Holocaust survivor and Israeli, Yisrael Kristal who is 113 today! Because Yisrael was unable to celebrate his Bar Mitzvah because of the first world war, he is celebrating this week here in Israel.

Mazel tov Yisrael!
Lord Parry Mitchell resigns from the Labour party in the UK as a result of Jeremy Corbyn's failure to deal with the antisemitism in the party, amongst other difference.

"Leaving your political party is no easy matter, in many ways it feels like a divorce. The party that I joined with such high hopes in 1994 with the onset of New Labour is no more - it has had its day: time and politics move on. That party has now left me and its leadership espouses politics and attitudes that I am totally at odds with: we are no longer compatible and its time to move on. With the election of Jeremy Corbyn as leader, I have submitted my resignation."
MAZEL TOV ISRAEL!

Team Israel has reached a goal it has been pursuing for the past four years.

The Israelis have made it to the elite 16 of the World Baseball Classic!
Two-state peace plans accepted by Israeli and Palestinian leaders.

Note: This chart excludes the "roadmap to peace" plan outlined in the Oslo Accords, which never came to fruition.

Source: Unknown via Elder of Ziyon
A message has been left in a London churchs guest book calling for all Israeli soldiers to be burned alive. The comment was left in response to an exhibition on Israel and the Palestinian territories, which some have accused of fuelling anti-Semitism.
One of the cruelest realities of the so-called knife intifada which first engulfed Jerusalem, then the remainder of the country one year ago  is that the Arab killers who have carried out murders of innocent non-combatants have been deified as martyrs within their communities.

This fact is most painful for the family members of those killed, who endure not only profound loss, but widespread and ongoing celebrations of the killers who caused their pain  via television, the Internet, and Arab media.

The son of murder victim Richard Lakin  a gentle and celebrated 76-year-old American-Israeli educator, who was shot in the head and repeatedly stabbed by one such killer while aboard a public bus in Armon Hanatziv last October  is doing something about it, in his fathers name.
An event this past weekend took place to help Arab, Bedouin, and Circassian start-ups grow in Israel! With the help of an elite IDF partner to invest in their company, the program received 1 million new Israel shekels to give Arab-Israelis the help they need outside of Tel Aviv. Start Up Nation all over the nation!
A dedicated Israeli, who fought for years to become a member of the Israeli Police, and is still only a cadet, is the one who saved the life of another police man when a Jordanian tried to stab him at Damascus Gate. The amazing story of Shimon Tadala.
As a young boy in France during the Holocaust, Jacques Stuzalft had his life saved by resistance fighters from the French railways company who pulled Jacques off the train. After searching for years, Jacques found the names of those who saved so many, including himself, and dedicated a plaque to honor their memory at the same railway station.
"Before peace can be achieved, Palestinians must recognize that Jews, like Arabs, have a right to exercise self-determination in their homeland, and drop demands for a right of return that would undermine a two-state solution, former Knesset member Einat Wilf wrote in an op-ed published in Haaretz on Thursday.

Wilf, who identifies herself as a member of the Zionist Left in Israel, argued that the Palestinian perspective regards Jews as an invented people."

- The Tower
Syria's representative to the UN General Assembly states that "Israeli terrorism threatens the whole region."

The irony that a state embroiled in the bloodiest conflict of our time, has ISIS actively operating in their borders, and has used chemical weapons against civilians is talking about Israeli "terrorism."
Israel has given Taiwan a donation of 117 earthquake-resistant tables, as a gesture of solidarity with the country ahead of its independence day on October 10, and in commemoration of the 117 victims of the quake that hit Taiwan in February.
For the first time ever, Israel has chosen an all-Arabic film to represent the country as it's Oscars entry in the foreign language category! We want to congratulate the film and all who worked on it! 

More: http://www.timesofisrael.com/in-first-israel-selects-all-arabic-film-as-its-foreign-language-oscars-entry/
BDSers are at it again, co-opting another groups narrative and twisting it to promote their own agenda

"Solidarity isnt solidarity when BDS is involved, its a ruse to take over and repurpose other causes, and that recognition is beginning to catch on"
Iranian women are pushing back against the sexist oppressive laws of the extremist Iranian regime. 

Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, issued a fatwa on women riding bicycles Monday, but Iranian women are fed up. 

The religious edict forbids women from cycling because it's viewed as a practice that "exposes society to corruption" and "contravenes women's chastity," according to The Independent.
Have a great week! Shavua Tov from StandWithUs.
Formerly Antisemitic Hungarian MP who discovered he himself is Jewish is coming home to Israel...

Why did you decide to make aliya and live here with your family?

"Israel is an amazing country, and I believe that every Jew who lives in the Diaspora seriously considers making aliya to Israel, at least once in his life. There are many more positive elements than negative elements in being a Jew, and the biggest gift for any Jew is the existence of the State of Israel."
Shabbat Shalom from Israel! 

Photo: Eyal Asaf - Aerial Photography
Syrian children brought to Israel for treatment: With the ceasefire deal collapsing and the UN's inability to get aid into Syria, the Amaliah organization is doing all it can to aid Syrians in need; 'It is difficult to erase decades' worth of hate, but we have to at least show who we really are. We can be proud that our country does what no other country does.'
We couldn't help but notice yesterday that Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was lying through his teeth to the United Nations General Assembly. We compiled a list of some of the most ridiculous unbelievable claims he made yesterday. Share so the world knows the TRUTH!
Incredible discovery: Israel 3D tech proves the Hebrew Bible has been unchanged for 2000 years.
A new study finds that Israel is teaching #Peace in their textbooks! Israel has always been dedicated to peace and the children that grow up here will believe in peace too.
The #UNGA this week...

By Vladik Sandler   for TICP - The Israeli Cartoon Project
Am Yisrael Chai! The inspiring video by Eitan Freilich  
FULL SPEECH: Prime Minister Netanyahu's address to the United Nations General Assembly:
The tragic reality for European Jews today:
Danny Danon, the Israeli Ambassador to the UN, is outraged with the UN's obsession with Israel. Frankly, so are we. The UN has condemned Israel more times than any other nation COMBINED! With all the political, social, environmental, and economic crises in the world, the UN unjustly chooses to single-out Israel.
A powerful speech by PM Netanyahu at the United Nations. 

"We won't accept any attempt by UN to dictate terms to Israel"

-Prime Minister Netanyahu
It's that time of year again! The Jewish New Year! Comedian Elon Gold has a special message for this year's Rosh Hashanah that's sure to make you laugh!
Your hilarious Hebrew lesson of the day with Renny from !
As International Peace Day comes to a close, we call on the Palestinian leadership to say YES to peace!

www.sayyestopeace.org
The brave soldiers of the Desert Reconnaissance Battalion defending Israel on the Gaza border. What might surprise you? Almost all these soldiers are Muslim.

"Composed of mostly Beduin soldiers, the Desert Reconnaissance Battalion uses unique tracking skills to prevent infiltration from Gaza and deal with other threats that arise."
Israel is an imperfect but strong democracy worthy of engagement rather than boycotts.

Out of solidarity with the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) campaign against Israel, British musician Brian Eno has refused permission for an Israeli dance company to use his music...In response to Mr. Eno, Batsheva's artistic director and frequent critic of the Israeli government, Ohad Naharin, wrote: If boycotting my company would help the Palestinian people, then I would boycott my own show. If the boycott of my work could bring a peace treaty, I would be the happiest person in the world. But I know it would be useless."

We, and the more than 30,000 people who have signed our anti-boycott petition, could not agree more. BDS does not help Palestinians and will not bring peace"
Spotted in Israel: UN vehicle with the "Idiot's Guide to Jerusalem" on the dashboard. Important given that the UN has repeatedly tried to deny Jewish historical ties to the city of Jerusalem. 

The UN - which includes many dictatorships hostile to Israel - is currently holding their General Assembly in New York which the Israeli PM will adresss in a few hours.
The dramatic moment a Palestinian, just 16, lures Israeli soldier to come and talk to him before launching a knife attack:
While the world is paying attention. Let's talk about ethnic cleansing in Israel...the ethnic cleansing of Jews. 

"...in 1948, ethnic cleansing was exactly what was done to the Jews in Jerusalem and parts of Judea  the exact same places that the Palestinians demand as part of their state.

There had been a Jewish community living in the Old City of Jerusalem for thousands of years in 1948. Some residents families had lived there for generations.

But in an instant, this continuous Jewish presence was forcibly destroyed. Some Jews were murdered at gun point. The rest were forced out with nothing but the shirts on their backs."

What happened when the Arabs gained control of the Old City of Jerusalem? Let's review:

"Upon its capture by the Arab Legion, the Jewish Quarter of the Old City was destroyed and its residents expelled. Fifty-eight synagoguessome hundreds of years oldwere destroyed, their contents looted and desecrated. Some Jewish religious sites were turned into chicken coops or animal stalls. The Jewish cemetery on the Mount of Olives, where Jews had been burying their dead for over 2500 years, was ransacked; graves were desecrated; thousands of tombstones were smashed and used as building material, paving stones or for latrines in Arab Legion army camps. The Intercontinental Hotel was built on top of the cemetery and graves were demolished to make way for a highway to the hotel. The Western Wall became a slum area."
On International Day of Peace, we call on Israel's neighbors to embrace peace and work together for a solution with he Jewish state! It's time to end the long Paleatinian history of rejecting peace.
This is what peace looks like. On October 26, 1994, Israel and Jordan ended 46 years of fighting with a peace agreement that has lasted until today. The agreement was signed by Israeli PM Yitzhak Rabin and Jordanian PM Abdul-Salam al-Majali signed as King Hussein looked on.

#PeaceIsPossible
On this international day of peace, we reaffirm our commitment to a peaceful solution between the Israelis and Palestinians. Next year on the international day of peace, may we know true peace!
Scene of the attack in Turkey in the immediate aftermath of the attempted attack on the Israeli Embassy. The stabber is on the ground here as the embassy security determines if he is armed with other weapons.

We are relieved that no embassy staff or security were injured and applaud the embassy security in Ankara for their quick action.
#BREAKING: Israeli Embassy of Turkey attacked by an armed attacker in Ankara. One of the attackers was killed. No embassy staff was injured or killed.

UPDATE: Outlets reporting that a man yielding a knife approached the embassy when a security shot him, wounding him.
On International Peace Day, we think about all the strife Israel has gone through to obtain peace. In this video, Nadav Leibovitz and his fellow soldiers are on their way to a mission. They can't help but sing a song for peace while in the military vehicle. 
"Raise your eyes in hope, not through the rifle scope. Sing a song of peace, and not of war."
Israel wants peace. 

Video: My Truth
On this International Day of Peace, we remember one of Israel's greatest moments for peace with Egypt: the signing of the Camp David Accords between Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli PM Menachem Begin in 1979. The agreement set the precedent for future peace agreements with countries like Jordan. Since then, Israel and Egypt have maintained a lasting peace that we hope will continue for many years to come!

#PeaceIsPossible
There is no greater feeling then returning to Israel, the Jewish homeland, by making Aliyah! The joy, the happiness, watch it all as this family from France journeys to their new home in Israel.
We continue to be shocked by media coverage of terror in Israel. In this video by Danny Ayalon, we see just a few examples of the horrible bias that is attached when covering news and terror in Israel.
The complete travel guide to one of Israel's greatest cities! Tel Aviv, here we come!
Anti-Israel extremist Miko Peled has been posting vicious Antisemitism on social media, while on a speaking tour of US campuses. 

Peled is currently on a tour with Students for Justice in Palestine, speaking at Drew University tomorrow. Speakers who preach hate like this have no place in academic discussion. 

Share to expose this hate.
Just how extreme is the anti-Israel movement on US campuses? This extreme. At UCLA, an Indian-American student became the target of tremendous bullying and harassment just for trying to stay neutral on the issue of BDS.
We hear some insane myths about Israel on a daily basis. We've set the facts straight. Check out 10 myths BUSTED about Israel.
Congratulations to the founders of Alumns For Campus Fairness (ACF),
Susan Julian, Laurie Josephs, and Mark Banschick!  This new organization, in partnership with StandWithUs, will harness an important, untapped resource that will  create a national voice for alumni who care about fairness and civility at their alma maters.
The iHack hackathon for Israel: led by StandWithUs,  -    | Technion, Raphael and the Reut Institute, was held for three days at the Technion, where over 100 participants gathered together to develop answers to some of Israel biggest challenges when it comes to diplomacy. 

Check out what mako, Love Israel's channel found when they reported on the one of kind event:
Since Friday, there has been a spike in Palestinian terrorist attacks against Israel. The craziest part is, it's all being caused by incitement. If you've missed any of what has happened this weekend, catch up here. Unfortunately, this is the daily reality for Israelis.
Mamilla Hotel in Jerusalem was just placed on the Gold list of Cond Nast Traveler Magazine's best hotels in the world! Sitting just outside the walls of the Old City, Mamilla was the ONLY Israeli hotel to make the list. Even better, the Mamilla spa was TOP of the list in comparison to the other top world hotels. Mazel Tov Mamilla!
Abu Jamal, a leader in Hamas in the Gaza Strip, warned American citizens against coming to Gaza, just days after the US designated former Hamas Interior Minister Fathi Hammad as an international terrorist.

We warn American citizens against entering Gaza because they are unwelcome after the decision [against Hammad] was made, said Abu Jamal, leader of the al-Nasser Saladin Brigade, in a video published on social media.

More: http://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Americans-unwelcome-in-Gaza-warns-militant-chief-after-US-terror-label-468042
Why are calls for ethnic cleansing tolerated when it's the Palestinians saying it?
During a raid  on the house of a Hamas operative in the village of Jaba, near Jenin in the early hours of Monday morning, security forces discovered a month-old fawn that was being held illegally and in conditions not suitable for wild animals.

"Even in operations where we detain wanted suspects, it is impossible to ignore the sight of a suffering animal being held in captivity. This situation also involves saving life."

More: http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4857004,00.html
Thank you New York City Council for overwhelmingly condemning the discriminatory boycott  Israel (BDS) movement!
Like many Israeli teenagers, Shay Levy eagerly reported to the IDF enlistment office determined to join the military and serve his country. The only difference was that Shay has cerebral palsy. Despite this, the sky is the limit for Shay and other like him thanks to an amazing IDF program: Special in Uniform.

The Special in Uniform program is a groundbreaking initiative of the Israel Defense Forces incorporating young people with disabilities into the military and helping them integrate long-term into society and the workforce. The focus of the program is on ability, not disability, upon utilizing and emphasizing talents and capacities of people with disabilities in order to foster independence and integration into mainstream society despite physical challenges.

Video: Special In Uniform
The moment a Palestinian terrorist began stabbing in the Jerusalem attack at Herod's Gate. The female police officer he stabbed remains in critical condition.

Warning: footage may be upsetting
Breaking: the Afghan born American wanted in connection with weekend bombings in New York and New Jersey is taken into custody on Monday following a shootout with police. 

Ahmad Khan Rahami is believed to be involved in the terrorist bombings in New Jersey and New York that injured dozens over the weekend.
UNRWA through the eyes of a Palestinian refugee. Mark Halawa speaks out against the UNRWA/UN corruption that's left millions of Syrians without basic necessities.

The latest Ask Halawa video from    StandWithUs Arabic. Subscribe to the channel here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkGTNM-2FTE
This day, in 1985, the IDF sent its first humanitarian aid mission when Mexico experienced the most devestating earth quake in its history. Since then the IDF has sent  21 delegations to 15 different countries. "The IDF is committed to saving and protecting the lives of the citizens of Israel and of victims around the world."
Breaking: an 8th attack in 3 days leaves an Israeli policeman lightly injured when two terrorists attempted to carry out a stabbing attack just moments ago at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. The police shot the two terrorists in self defense.

This shows the heart-racing aftermath of the attack:
Mazel Tov to Israeli Talleen Abu Hanna who was 1st Runner Up in the Miss Trans Star International 2016 Competition!
BREAKING: a seventh attack within 3 days as a terrorist stabs two at Herod's Gate in Jerusalem. The terrorist was shot.

A female officer, approximately 20 years old, was seriously wounded in the assault. A male officer, 45, was moderately wounded, according to the Magen David Adom ambulance service.
Living outside of Israel and missing some flavor in your life? Check out these 15 recipes from Israeli chefs that will have your mouth watering.
The Israeli app Waze took the world by storm, making it easier for drivers across the world to bypass traffic and reach their destination quickly.

Now theres Sidekix, an Israeli navigation app geared to people walking in cities. The iOS app shows walkers the best on-foot routes and orients the map as they move.

But it doesnt necessarily show the straightest line from Point A to Point B. The free app customizes routes based on preprogrammed interests in the categories of art, culture, shopping, nightlife, and food.
Unacceptable: The Muslim cemetery near Herod's Gate in east Jerusalem, where some of the perpetrators of the past year's terrorist attacks are buried, has become a magnet for Palestinian radicals and a de facto Palestinian national monument.

It is adorned with Palestinian flags, and Palestinian families, including children and teenagers, flock to the site daily to place flowers on the graves of terrorists, who are celebrated as heroes.
Israel's newest airport!

Its currently under construction but Ramon airport looks set to bring about a further boost in Israeli tourism to the beautiful Negev region and popular Eilat resort. In a beautiful gesture, the airport will be named in memory of the first Israeli astronaut, Ilan Ramon, who perished in the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster and his son Assaf Ramon, who tragically died six years later when his F-16 fighter jet crashed. Ramon Airport is scheduled to open next year.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his government incite their citizens to hate Israelis and incentivize them to murder civilians using a pay-to-slay lethal form of welfare that makes killing and maiming far more profitable than working at a regular job.
Did you know? In Israel, Muslims, Christians and Jews live and work together side by side in all areas of life. This story is about a bilingual school of Jewish and Arab students who learn together.

Video: Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Meet Miss Trans Israel, an Israeli-Arab Christian from northern Israel. 

 "Israel gave me the peace between my body and my soul." said Talleen Abu Hanan.

Talleen will be representing Israel in the Miss Trans Star International pageant 2016. 

Video: Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
What is Israel facing when it comes to terrorism?

A newly released video shows the moments in which a Palestinian assailant attacked Israeli soldiers with a knife in Hebron Saturday morning, lightly wounding one of them before being shot and killed.

The attacker, identified as Hatem Abdel-Hafiz al-Shaloudi, is seen approaching a soldier at a checkpoint near the West Bank citys Jewish Tel Rumeida neighborhood and presenting him with a piece of paper, ostensibly his credentials. The moment the soldier accepts the paper and glances down at it, Shaloudi is seen pulling out a knife and lunging at him.
Breaking: stabbing terror attack in Minnesota, USA as terrorist refers to "Allah" and asks victims if they were Muslim before stabbing.

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Minnesota today.
Survivor of terrorism and StandWithUs Educator Kay Wilson writes an important open letter to the mayor of London on an abhorrent anti-Israel display by the Methodist Church.

"I am currently on a speaking tour in the UK, educating people about Israel and sharing my work as a peace activist. I was sickened and shocked to discover that vis-a-vis an exhibition in London, the Methodist Church views Israels security barrier exclusively as an obstacle to peace. Ostensibly, this is a Christian concern, but truthfully, it is in fact, none other than a one-sided, inaccurate and frankly appalling and dangerous distortion of truth."
Breaking: in sixth terror attack in two days, a Palestinian stabbed and injured an IDF officer in Efrat. The officer was wounded and the terrorist was neutralized.
UN double standards strike again: at the U.N., Only Israel Is an Occupying Power

What about Russia in Crimea, Armenia in parts of Azerbaijan, or what Vietnam did in Cambodia?

"the U.N. uses an entirely different rhetoric and set of legal concepts when dealing with Israel compared with situations of occupation or settlements world-wide. For example, Israel is referred to as the Occupying Power 530 times in General Assembly resolutions. Yet in seven major instances of past or present prolonged military occupationIndonesia in East Timor, Turkey in northern Cyprus, Russia in areas of Georgia, Morocco in Western Sahara, Vietnam in Cambodia, Armenia in areas of Azerbaijan, and Russia in Ukraines Crimeathe number is zero. The U.N. has not called any of these countries an Occupying Power. Not even once."

And it gets worse. Read below:
Unacceptable: Israeli fans who traveled to Italy to watch soccer team Hapoel Beersheba play in the UEFA cup against Italian powerhouse Inter Milan were blocked from entering the stadium by a pro-Palestinian protest on Thursday.

One of the Israeli fans, Tal Lavi, a media manager for The Jerusalem Post, said that local police and stadium security for San Siro Stadium told Israeli soccer fans that they would not be allowed to enter the premises due to security concerns.
Why did the US and Israel just sign the biggest aid package yet? There are many reasons but this may be the of the most important: 

Israel is a key piece in the puzzle to solving the worlds growing terrorism problem, US Brig. Gen. (ret.) Russell Howard said Wednesday.

Together, the US and Israel along with the rest of the world can defeat terrorism.
When Arielle Mokhtarzadeh arrived at University of California, Berkeley, to attend the annual Students of Color Conference, she had no way of knowing that she would be leaving as a victim of anti-Semitism.

Sadly, the "safe spaces" on campus are safe for everyone but Jews.
Thousands of Palestinians from the West Bank swam at beaches in and around the Israeli commercial capital Tel Aviv Tuesday, after being granted permits to visit during the Eid al-Adha holiday.

A few thousand Palestinians celebrated the Muslim festival at the beach near Jaffa south of Tel Aviv with barbeques, swimming and lounging on the beach.
Breaking: in fifth terror attack this weekend, a Palestinian terrorist stabs and lightly wounds a soldier in Hebron. The terrorist was shot on site.
Actual photos from Gaza Hamas summer camp. Palestinian children being trained in how to stab Jews. 

H/t @GabRosenberg
In the fourth terror attack of the day, a Palestinian terrorist slashes an IDF soldier in the face with a knife. 

This follows 3 attempted attacks today: one stabbing, one car ramming attack and one stone throwing attack. All three were thwarted. 

Wishing the soldier a speedy recovery.
How Israel stacks up compared to the neighbors.

Just something to keep in mind.
An amazing display of solidarity with the Jewish people and the state of Israel originally posted an an Indonesian Facebook page. 

We're thrilled to see this support and urge all our fans to remember moments like this when you see or hear hate speech against Muslims. There are many Muslims in the state of Israel who serve their country in the government, army, as doctors, lawyers, pharmacists, journalists, and in literally every field. There are also many Muslims outside of Israel who support the existence of the state of Israel.

Together we can build a brighter future.
A legacy of peace and statesmanship that is unmatched in the world: Shimon Peres, we wish you a complete and speedy recovery, and we honor your tremendous contribution to the state of Israel.
Meet the world's oldest man: Holocaust Survivor Yisrael Kristal. This week, Yisrael will celebrate the Bar Mitvah he missed because of WWI, 100 years late. 

Mazel Tov Yisrael and to 120!
A third medal for Israel at the Paralympic Games! This time Israeli swimmer Inbal Pezaro, who was paralyzed from the waist down from childhood. Inbal didn't let that stop her from becoming a world class athlete.

You inspire us Inbal! MAZEL TOV!
A routine archaeological excavation of an Old City synagogue destroyed by Jordanian troops during the War of Independence turned into much more, after the burnt remains of rare relics from the Second Temple period in 70 AD were revealed several meters below ground level.
"...Israelis correctly note that Jews were guaranteed the right of settlement in the League of Nations Mandate for Palestine. The West Bank is not and never has been sovereign Palestinian Arab territory. The disposition of this land is a matter of dispute and subject to negotiation. The Israelis have repeatedly offered the Palestinians an independent state in almost all of the West Bank and even a share of Jerusalem but neither Abbas nor his predecessor, Yasir Arafat, could ever muster the will to say yes...

In any other conflict, we would label the Palestinian demand for the removal of Jewish communities (or those of any other group) with the same words used by Netanyahu: ethnic cleansing. But when it comes to Jews living in their ancient homeland, the rules are different, and bigotry is not only accepted but also supported. "
The Israeli who is making the blind see!  In Prof. Amir Amedis world-renowned Laboratory for Brain and Multisensory Research at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, people with vision impairment can see their environment with the aid of sensory substitution devices (SSDs) that provide visual information from sound and touch.

Now, two of the labs groundbreaking inventions are being readied for the mass market.
Approximately six hundred students and alumni at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) have signed a petition urging the UCLA administration to issue an apology to former UCLA law student Milan Chatterjee, a victim of anti-Israel bullying and harassment at UCLA.
Watch: New York City Councilman David G. Greenfield angrily denounced the leader of Neturei Karta at a City Council hearing on a resolution condemning efforts to de-legitimize Israel. 

Neturei Karta is a fringe extremist anti-Israel sect of radicals. We applaud Councilman Greenfeld for calling them out on their bigotry and we applaud the New York City Council for passing a resolution condemning the discriminatory BDS movement against Israel.
No more funding for Palestinian terror! US Senator Dan Coates speaks out against the use of US taxpayer dollars to fund Palestinian terrorism.

To provoke, reward and incentivize terrorist acts through financial rewards is one of the most outrageous things Ive ever come across, he stated.
What's changed since 1967 in Palestinian attitudes towards Israel? As it turns out, not very much.
"Auschwitz Survivor meets his great-great granddaughter:

My Zaidas biggest dream in Auschwitz, was to just sit on a chair at a proper table and eat a simple loaf of bread.

Yet today, my Zaida, Auschwitz survivor with the number 184843 on his arm, holds Anaelle - his first great great granddaughter in Jerusalem, Israel."

 Tamar Abramson for Humans of Judaism
What's it like celebrating the Muslim holiday of Eid al Adha in the Jewish state?

This: Israel just announced that it would keep the Allenby Bridge crossing open for 48 hours straight Thursday and Friday to allow pilgrims from Hajj to return to their homes. 11,000 people crossed the bridge on Tuesday.

Far more Muslims were on the Temple Mount on the first day of Eid this year than the number of Jews who have visited the holy site in total since 1948.

H/t Elder of Ziyon, COGAT - Coordination of Government Activities in the Territories
The call for renewable energy has never been greater.

And Israel is hoping to shine a beacon on the importance of sustainability as it prepares to create the world's highest solar tower by 2017.

A desert full of mirrors will project sunlight onto the worlds highest solar tower!
"We must speak out on behalf of Kaifeng Jewry and issue a simple yet clear plea to the authorities in Beijing: stop the crackdown on Chinas Jews, so we can get back to building a lasting and stronger relationship between our two peoples."
What BDS isn't showing you: Thousands of Palestinians from the West Bank enjoying the holiday of Eid al-Adha on the beaches of Tel Aviv.
Sights, sounds, beautiful Israel! 

A stunning video created by Eyal Asaf - Aerial Photography
Another HUGE anti-Israel fail: a course that was seen to be extremely bias and anti-Israel "failed to meet academic standards" says officials at UC Berkeley. The course has now been cancelled.
The rising Antisemitism on campus you DIDN'T hear about: the shocking situation in Latin America facing students and communities when it comes to the state of Israel and Jewish life. The aggressive campaigns against Israel throughout Latin America can only be effectively combatted with education as StandWithUs Espaol is doing. Join us in fighting back: https://igg.me/at/B-1HEjaF5jg
Hamas will stop at nothing to continue their destructive cycle of hate and terror: The Hamas terror group takes advantage of Israel's humanitarian policies and uses patients who receive treatment in hospitals in Israel to transfer funds and information for terror activities, Channel 10 News reports.
Inspiring and powerful poem by activist Chlo Simone Valdary for Jerusalem U about Jewish pride. Israel Forever!
The amazing courage of a single Palestinian leading his colleagues away from divisive and discriminatory actions like the BDS movement or violence. 

Sheikh Abdullah Tamimi and his colleagues do not believe in boycotts and divestment. They are convinced that real peace can be achieved through dialogue between Palestinians and all Israelis -- not just those who are affiliated with the left-wing.
Finally: Facebook working together with Israel to combat terror supporting content on social media. 

 Israel and Facebook have agreed to set up joint teams to reach an agreement on how to fight online incitement.

Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked and Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan met Monday morning with senior Facebook officials in an effort to jointly stem online incitement that Israel claims leads to terror activities.
"Over the past decade, the Golden State [California] has become a hot- bed for hate in the form of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanc-tions (BDS) movement. BDS has branded itself as a human rights movement fighting for the Palestinian cause, often hiding from the public its central goal: the destruction of Israel...

Jewish students charged with old anti-Semitic canard of dual loyalties and barred from positions in student government because of their faith. Hateful agitators in unions and corporate shareholder meetings likening Israelis to Nazis. University students calling for Zionists to be sent to the gas chambers and plastering swastikas across Jewish fraternity houses. These kinds of anti-Semitic attacks are not taking place in some far off dystopian world, but rather here and now, across Californias university campuses and in our communities."
British Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn asked to remove a Hebrew greeting from his Passover message because it made him sound too Zionist, his former policy adviser claimed over the weekend.

But he's "not antisemitic" ...right?
Praying for a speedy and complete recovery for former President Shimon Peres   who suffered a stroke tonight at the age of 93. Peres has had a legendary career as an internationally recognized statesman and advocate for peace.
We wish a Refua Shelema - a speedy recovery to Israel's ninth President, Shimon Peres, who was admitted to hospital today after suffering a stroke at age 93. Peres is an internationally respected statesman and advocate of peace as well as a great friend and supporter of StandWithUs. 

Pictured: President Peres with StandWithUs student fellows in 2012
So moving! His parents came to Israel to see him be sworn into the Israel Defense Forces, but he couldn't wait to see them! Watch his parent's reaction when they see him in full uniform!
Citi just confirmed a HUGE investment in PresenTense Israel, an organization that encourages Israel's minority groups to become more involved with business, technology and entrepreneurship! The goal is to move Start-Up Nation to the WHOLE nation! #BDSFail
With the recent discovery of marble tiles from the Second Temple, StandWithUs+ reveals why they are so important to Israel, the Jewish people, and how this helps us combat Temple denial that fuels tensions and incitement against Jews today.
Whats it like to be a Jew in France?

 A week after police in Paris discovered a booby-trapped car near a tourist attraction, a suspect vehicle with gas cylinders was found outside a Jewish community center in the southern city of Marseille.
A small step forward as World Vision cuts its jobs in Gaza. The group was recently charged when its employees were found funneling money to Hamas from the organization itself. This is the same money that is funding terrorism against Gazans and Israelis alike.
Absolutely heartbreaking. The family of a fallen IDF soldier whose body is being held by Hamas on Sunday released a letter to him penned by his father, who died last week.

Herzl Shaul, who discovered 10 months ago that he was dying of cancer, wrote the letter days before he was hospitalized for the final time, Channel 10 television reported.

My Oron, my hero son, my mighty warrior, since you left, my body started to betray me, Herzl Shaul wrote. I cannot lie. My physical condition could be better, but unfortunately it gets a little worse every day. Even so, I continue to be strong and to believe.
Adam Lambert and Queen rock Israel last night with Hava Nagila!

Thank you for playing in Israel! 
Mazel Tov! A second medal for Israel! Doron Shaziri captured the bronze in 50m sharpshooting 3 position. 

#Rio2016Paralympics
A Jordanian politician verbalizes what many in the Middle East are already thinking when it comes to the BDS movement. "We can hate Israel as much as we like, but we must realize that without it, we too would be gone." BDS is not just harmful to Israel, but also to the Palestinians and neighboring countries like Jordan and Egypt. There is no good that comes from BDS. And now you aren't just hearing it from us, you are hearing it from Jordan.
11 years ago today, Israel unilaterally withdrew from Gaza in a good faith effort to make peace with the Palestinian people. The Israeli government literally tore up the Jewish community in Gaza (and several settlements in the northern West Bank as well), and left Gaza without any Israeli presence whatsoever.  

In response, Israel received over 10,000 rockets from the new elected(!) ruling power, terrorist organization Hamas. 

Since then, Hamas has brutally oppressed their own people, used Palestinians as human shields, tortured and murdered dissident Palestinians, and stolen foreign aid money to use to terrorist purposes.
Inside a hate-filled anti-Israel protest: "I donned a headscarf and sunglasses, and removed the Star of David I wear around my neck. I knew that I was taking a risk by going undercover to the Al-Quds Day rally in Toronto on July 2. Al-Quds Day is marked by annual demonstrations around the world, opposing the existence of the state of Israel, the only liberal democracy in the Middle East, and supporting the Palestinian cause. In Toronto, there is usually a large Al-Quds Day protest and a strong counter-protest...I was profoundly disturbed that there were people allowed to espouse this hatred outside the Ontario legislature."
In a Friday sermon delivered in Gaza on August 26, Hamas MP lambasted the Saudi delegation, headed by retired Saudi general Dr. Anwar Eshki, which had visited Israel in July to promote the Arab peace initiative.

 "You are a supporter of the Jews, even if you came from the Land of the Two Holy Mosques," he said, calling the Jews "the vilest and most despicable nation in history," who "betray everyone" and "never abide by any pace they make." The sermon was broadcast by the Hamas-owned Al-Aqsa TV channel.
We want to wish a Eid Mubarak to our Muslims friends in Israel and throughout the world!
Did you know? The iconic WWII Times Square kiss photo is a photo of Austrian Holocaust refugee Greta Zimmer Friedman, who passed away this week at age 92.

The photo of the spontaneous V-J Day celebrations became enduring symbol of wars end. 

Friedman was born in a small town outside Vienna and moved to the US with two sisters in 1939 as conditions worsened for Jews under Nazi rule. A third sister fled to Mandate Palestine and her parents were killed in the Holocaust, according to Lawrence Verria, co-author of The Kissing Sailor: The Mystery Behind the Photo that Ended World War II.

May her memory be a blessing!
The diversity of Jerusalem on display! Wishing  all the Muslims of Israel and our Muslim neighbors a happy Eid al Adha!
Terrorism can strike anywhere at any time. In the decade since 9/11, scientists from  -    | Technion have been silently at work in mapping future threats and in developing the expert solutions to safeguard our world. 

In an age of advanced science and technology, counter-terrorism depends on advanced solutions from the world's leading universities like the Technion.

This is how we fight terror!
In June, StandWithUs Canada alerted the local community about a store being bullied by boycott Israel (BDS) activists for carrying SodaStream products. We asked the community to show their support the following Sunday with a Buy Israeli Goods (BIG) day. The response was amazing! See for yourself:

#SodaStream
CNN covers the Jerusalem memorial service for the 9/11 attacks. Jerusalem is home to the only memorial outside the US that lists the names of all the 9/11 attack victims. 

#NeverForget
9/11/01 in the Mayor of Jerusalem's office: the former Foreign Relations Coordinator in Ehud Olmerts office, elaborates on the heart-racing moments of that tragic morning on September 11.

"Jerusalem and New York are two of the worlds great cities, beacons of light to the entire world. They now not only also share a terrible history of terror, but an honorable and inspiring history of populations who stand up after tragedy, resilient, strong and proud."
On September 11, 2001, the United States suffered the worst terrorist attack in history when Islamic terrorists flew planes into the World Trade Center. Today and always, we hold in our hearts those who were murdered by terrorists on 9/11, in New York, at the Pentagon, and on Flight 93. We also pay respect to the courage and sacrifice of so many rescue workers on that fateful day.

15 years later, we have risen from the ashes of the World Trade Center and built up One World Trade Center. Where there was once destruction, now there is resilience. 

Today, we stand proudly with Israel, the UK, and other countries that are forced to stand up to Islamic terrorism today. 

We will never be defeated by terror.
Bronze medal for Israel in the Paralympics! MAZEL TOV to Israeli rower Moran Samuel! 

We are all proud of you today!

Photo by Daniel Acher
In memory of the nearly 3,000 murdered in 9/11/01. Never Forget.
Israel's 9/11 Memorial is the only monument outside of the United States which lists the names of all the victims. May they rest in peace.
What if they had just said no to terror?

For nearly 3,000 Americans, it's too late. But for the children of today, it's not.

Say no to incitement, no to hate, no to terrorism.

On this 9-11 we remember the nearly 3,000 lives that were stolen because of terror attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City.

This reverse time-lapse film was originally done as part of a film project that can be found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88eqFDO-Oj0
Israel and the American Embassy remember the victims of this tragic day at the only 9/11 memorial outside the United States with all the names of those killed.
The first 9/11 victim: By most accounts, Danny Lewin was the first victim of 9/11. Seated in seat 9B aboard American Airlines flight 11, he saw Mohamed Atta and Abdulaziz al-Omari, sitting just in front of him, rise and make their way to the cockpit. According to calls from flight attendants to air traffic officials, later documented in the 9/11 Commissions report, Lewin wasted no time in acting. Having served as an officer in Sayeret Matkal, the Israel Defense Forces top unit, he moved to tackle the terrorists. The man in 10B, Satam al-Suqami, moved, too, producing a knife and slitting Lewins throat. Less than 30 minutes later, at 8:46 a.m., the plane crashed into the World Trade Centers North Tower.

Today we remember Danny's bravery and we mourn the tremendous loss of life due to Islamic terrorism on that day in 2001. May the memories of all the victims forever be a blessing.
Actual footage of some Palestinians celebrating at the sight of the 9/11 terrorist attacks against the United States in 2001. 

This footage was shown on CNN, MSNBC and FOX News on 9/11/01. 

Still today, there are voices in Palestinian society who repeatedly embrace and praise terrorism - and it's not exclusive to the Palestinian communities. There are voices of extremism throughout the Middle East who praise and celebrate terrorism against Western countries.

If we are ever to defeat the plague of terrorism we must expose and speak out against not only hate, but the celebration of hate.
Eminent Hebrew University historian Prof. Yehuda Bauer (90) slammed the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement this week saying the BDS Movement does not want a better Israel, they want no Israel at all. 

Bauer unequivocally equated anti-Zionism as anti-Semitism, describing the former as an empty slogan. They want to destroy the Jewish state; they want to destroy it because its a Jewish state. That means you are an anti-Semite.
The U.N. gives a platform to many NGOs that actively encourage violence against Jews and the destruction of Israel. 

 An examination of U.N. NGOs reveals that the U.N. has handed a global megaphone to groups spreading hatred and inciting terror from the world stage. In short, the so-called representatives of civil society arent so civil after all.
Citing Israels preeminence in counter-terrorism  and the fact that it is the only country outside the United State to have a 9/11 memorial honoring every victim  a US police delegation said it wanted to visit the country on the 15th anniversary of the attack.
How can one help fight for Israel on the increasingly hostile North American campus? Alan Dershowitz provides some sound advice.
Combatting the teaching of hate throughout the Middle East is of the utmost importance for all societies. 

"I hate Christians and Jews. I don't know why. I don't have any apparent reason to hate them but I always hear my mom talking badly about them. She hates them too, and this is why I hate them, I guess. Mom has always told me that Muslims are Allah's favorite people,"  F., a 15-year-old Tunisian girl.
Palestinian democracy loses again: For the first time in a decade, voters here were going to the polls next month. They were psyched.

But after Thursdays decision to suspend the campaigns, many said they felt robbed. A new date has not been set, stoking a sense of chaos and paralysis.

A Palestinian high court ruled that municipal elections scheduled for next month must be postponed because of a dispute between the rival political parties that control the West Bank and Gaza Strip. The decision was yet another setback to Palestinian democracy.
"We live in a time when every group is considered protected, sensitive, and at risk, to the point where every word we utter and every phrase we type is put under the microscope in search of aggression, oppression, or "othering," God forbid. Organizations like Black Lives Matter have soaring membership rates -- with many of those joining being Jews -- and we have seen months of debate over public bathrooms and who should be able to use which ones, just so we won't offend a single fragile soul. It is the dawn of an odd era, where a person or a group gains status and credibility by being, or feeling, oppressed and persecuted.

But there is one group that, despite its long history of actual persecution and present state of suffering, does not get to be included. One minority that never seems to count, no matter how much it begs to be counted."
Why is ethnic cleansing met with silence when it's against Jews?

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls out the Palestinians on advocating ethnic cleansing of the Jewish population in the West Bank.

Its outrageous that the world doesnt find it outrageous, Netanyahu said, urging viewers to ask themselves whether they would accept a territory without Jews, without Hispanics, without blacks in their nation.
A BDS fail! Mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat celebrated the decision of the Czech government not to cave to Palestinian pressure and show Tel Aviv  not Jerusalem - as the capital of Israel in school textbooks, after it had declared it would do so a week ago.
Were on the map! Barkat said. The truth has won out over the falsehood: [] I am happy that the letter I sent to the Czech Prime Minister and the other diplomatic efforts had influence, and I thank the Czech government for deciding the correct decision and not giving in to wild Palestinian lies and incitement.
Remembering and honoring our heroes: On Tuesday, the IDF posthumously awarded a medal of bravery to an off-duty Israeli soldier fatally injured as he fought unarmed against two Palestinian terrorists who attacked shoppers in a supermarket. The medal was presented to Yael Weissman, the widow of Staff Sgt. Tuvia Weissman.

Two more IDF soldiers received medals for bravery and courage for tackling attackers. Sgt. Lihi Malka, who serves in a Home Front Command rescue and training unit, fought off an East Jerusalem man who had stabbed and seriously wounded another soldier. Malka, who witnessed the attack, shot and killed the 22-year-old attacker.

Sgt. Matan Shamir of the Givati Infantry Brigade received a medal of honor for defending himself and his commander against two attackers in the city of Hebron. Despite his injuries, Shamir managed to kill the two attackers

More: http://www.timesofisrael.com/posthumous-medal-for-idf-soldier-who-fought-stabbers-barehanded/
Israeli hi-tech super algae can power a green energy revolution
"Even though my time in uniform is done, Israel is always with me  no matter where I go - Leibel Mangel, IDF combat veteran

Shabbat Shalom! 

Via: Humans of Judaism
Meet Israel's all star Paralympic Team! We want to wish them luck in Rio as they compete representing beautiful Israel! 

Video: yooocan
Israel higher education thrives in the global rankings once again
The 2016 StandWithUs Emerson Fellows singing for peace during their downtime at the annual Emerson Conference in Oxnard, California.

Each year, a new crop of  over 70 Emerson Fellows are selected from  hundreds of  fantastic applicants.  The new Fellows begin the year by gathering at the beach in Oxnard for a 5 day conference that empowers them to educate their peers about Israel on their campuses.  This years Emerson Fellows are amazing young leaders!!!
A popular Broadway cabaret club has canceled a concert benefiting Black Lives Matter, citing the movements bigoted stance on Israel.

"54 Below said that its owners and managers strongly believe in and support the general thrust of the goals and objectives of the Black Lives Matter movement. 

They continued, However, since announcing the benefit theyve become aware of a recent addition to the B.L.M. platform that accuses Israel of genocide and endorses a range of boycott and sanction actions. The statement said, As we cant support these positions, weve accordingly decided to cancel the concert.
ACTION ALERT: Sign the petition!

UCLA students are speaking out against the shameful treatment and bullying of Milan Chatterjee, the 2015-16 Graduate Student Association President at UCLA.  For nine months, Milan was been cruelly smeared, targeted, and bullied by the BDS Movement, for simply wanting to remain neutral. We call on UCLA Chancellor Gene Block to issue a public apology to Milan.
Israel supporters fight back against hatred in Holland as PM Netanyahu visits!

On September 6, a demonstration of anti-Israel groups gathered in protest of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to Holland. StandWithUs Nederland, as well as many other supporters of Israel, gathered to organize a rally to counter the hateful chants of the anti-Israel groups. 

The whole square in front of the palace was colored white and blue, in a sea of Israeli flags. The Israel supporters spoke about respect and acceptance, about supporting Israel as the only democracy in the Middle East. Elad, Zigler, represented StandWithUs Nederland at the rally, saying in his speech: "This is not a question of politics, of left or right. Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East and an example for coexistence and a strive for peace. Its leader should have the right to go to any country that invites him. The only way to peace is through dialogue".
Disgusting: In the Palestinian local municipal elections, which were postponed today, Fatah, the party of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, selected a special candidate to run for election to Hebrons City Council: a convicted murderer.

On Facebook, Fatah praised its candidate Tayseer Abu Sneineh and took pride in his participation in the murder of 6 Israelis in 1980.
At Wednesday nights opening ceremony of the Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, snowboarder Amy Purdys gave an amazing dance performance with a robot in a 3D-printed dress created by Israeli designer Danit Peleg, who rocked the fashion world last year with her first collection of 3D-printed clothing.
StandWithUs's Avi Posnick speaking out in the New York City Council today as they debate an anti-BDS resolution condemning the discriminatory boycott Israel movement.

Because of the brave support of NYC speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito and Councilwoman Rosenthal, NYC can be a leader in combatting the BDS movement. We thank them for their support of the resolution.
Antisemitism rearing it's ugly head in sports once again: simply appalling behavior from Italian soccer fans at the World Cup qualifier - booing the Israeli national anthem and giving Nazi salutes.
Wonder where all that foreign aid is going? As  the residents of the Gaza Strip endure daily hardships due to the dire economic situation in the enclave, their Hamas leaders spend over $100 million a year on the groups military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, according to estimates by both Israeli and Palestinian sources. Spending on digging tunnels accounts for some $40 million of that annual sum.
After Brian Eno refused to allow Batsheva Dance Company   - to use his music due to involvement with the BDS movement, Ohad Naharin, Artistic Director responded incredibly. Naharin explained that if boycotts ACTUALLY helped Palestinians, he would boycott himself! But since BDS does nothing for Palestinians, there is no reasons to boycott his dance company as it is an useless act. Naharin is so committed to peace that he says, "I am willing to give my own house for peace." Another example of how the BDS movement is not about helping Palestinians, but about destroying Israel. 

Video: Batsheva Dance Company
