Join us, on 29 November, the international day of solidarity with the Palestinian people, to make sure that attendees of the HP trade fair are under no illusions about how HP profits from Israels apartheid system, by providing systems for checkpoints with biometric ID cards and surveillance databases.  

https://www.facebook.com/events/1785338218386740/
"Last month, nine Palestinian prisoners held in Israeli prison continued a hunger strike in protest of being held in solitary confinement and to end the mistreatment of female Palestinian prisoners"

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773919
Tommy Robinson, the founder of the British far-right organisation the English Defence League, was pictured standing atop an Israeli tank in the occupied Golan Heights, holding a gun.
Ben White, the well-known writer, journalist and activist, in this new book examines 21 key questions and provides answers. Is Gaza still occupied? Why did Israel launch Operation Protective Edge in 2014? 

These and other questions will be analysed and discussed and Ben White will go on to assess the current situation in Gaza that has remained under siege since 2014 and how he sees present and future Israeli policy towards Gaza and Palestinians in general.

Thursday 17th November at 7pm, Hammersmith, London.
Israeli arts companies now have to complete forms agreeing to perform in illegal settlements.

Israeli Culture Minister Miri Regev "has also begun drafting a "cultural loyalty law". It would strip companies of public funds if they: question Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state"; denigrate state symbols such as the flag; or commemorate the Nakba, the catastrophe that befell Palestinians in 1948 when they were dispossessed of their homeland."
"The Israelis accused me of having information on my laptop that threatened the security of the State of Israel. Although they found nothing, I was expelled to Gaza, and I have been trying to get back [to Hebron] since." - Palestinian footballer, Sami al-Daour.
Israeli forces have again fired on Palestinian fishermen attempting to earn a living despite Israel's criminal siege of Gaza.

The Palestinian Center for Human Rights says that Israeli forces opened fire on Palestinian fishermen at least 139 in 2015.
"[R]ather than calling the settlements illegal or criminal, [US government spokesperson] Kirby described them as unilateral efforts that would prejudge the outcome of negotiations.
#FreeSalah: Send a message to your governments now!

Salah Khawaja's shocking conditions after 15 days of almost non-stop interrogation cannot but move us to redouble our efforts to #FreeSalah, to denounce Israeli illegal and inhumane practices inside its prison system and as part of its institutionalized and structural regime of repression against the Palestinian people and all those opposing Israeli violations of human rights.
This Tuesday 15th November join people from around the country to lobby MPs on Israel's illegal settlements. Sign up here: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
"All the musical instruments, which were collected and brought to the Gaza Strip with much hardship, were destroyed during the horrific Israeli war", said Khamis Abu Shaaban, the administrator of Gaza's first music school.
Join the Thunderclap to Boycott Hewlett Packard (HP)
"On 31 July, workers clearing rubble from a house destroyed in a 2014 Israeli bombing in the Shujaiya neighborhood of Gaza City discovered part of a human skeleton."

"The find was a grim reminder that two years after Israels 2014 onslaught on the Gaza Strip people are still missing, most presumed dead."
Ambassadors from 22 European Union countries called on Israel to end the ten-year siege of the Gaza Strip.
Israeli forces detained 23 Palestinians in raids across the occupied West Bank on Wednesday night.

According to prisoners' rights group Addameer, 7000 Palestinians were held in Israeli prisons as of August 2016.
Far-right Israeli government minister Naftali Bennett said:

"Trump's victory is an opportunity for Israel to immediately retract the notion of a Palestinian state".
Netanyahu: "Trump is a true friend of Israel".
Some promising news from the US: the State Department on Monday recognised the right to boycott Israel.

Spokesperson Mark Toner said, in response to a question about the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement:

"We value freedom of expression, even in cases where we do not agree with the political views espoused".
"It seems clear to me that the long established convention of simply issuing statements following each announcement either of an expansion of settlements or the establishment of new ones has failed. Clearly, no amount of creative language to censure settlements has worked." Professor Kamel Hawwash.
Israeli occupation forces shot and critically wounded a Palestinian man in the northern West Bank village of Huwwara on Wednesday.

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/maureen-clare-murphy/more-90-palestinians-killed-israel-year
Demolitions in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem have seen an unprecedented surge in recent months, with the number of structures demolished in the first half of 2016 already well exceeding the total number of demolitions carried out in all of 2015.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773891
Join the Global BDS Week of Action to Protest Hewlett Packard Nov 25 - Dec 3!

In Palestine, Hewlett Packard companies provide imaging for Israels apartheid checkpoints and ID cards system; enable Israels deadly blockade of the Gaza Strip; provide services to illegal Israeli settlements; and manage people for profit in Israeli prisons where torture is systematic. 

Mark your calendars! The International Boycott HP Network convened by the Palestinian BDS National Committee is calling for an International Week of Action targeting occupation and prison profiteer Hewlett Packard to take place Friday, November 25 - Saturday, December 3, including the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People on November 29. 
http://bdsmovement.net/hp-woa

Will your city or organization join the Week of Action? Sign up here! https://goo.gl/gWtnPI

https://www.facebook.com/palestinesolidarityuk/photos/gm.252839315119279/1209398982436695/?type=3&theater
After Israeli authorities demolished homes of 25 Palestinians in Tall al-Himma in September, they confiscated 8 of the community's tents on Monday. These tents were donated to the community this week by a humanitarian aid agency, following the demolitions in September.
By the end of October Israel demolished 255 homes, and left 1,076 people homeless, including 557 minors, in 2016 alone.

Read more: http://www.btselem.org/facing_expulsion_blog
Most children in the besieged Gaza Strip suffer from post-war trauma.
Over 2000 people have contacted their MP about the National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine next week Tuesday 15 November!

Please join them to make your voice heard for Palestine.

https://palestinecampaign.iparlsetup.com/lobby/parliament2016
"The move came after several months of Israeli efforts to crack down on the BDS Movement. Israeli Minister of the Interior Aryeh Deri and Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan announced in August that they were forming a joint task force to expel and ban the entry of BDS activists into Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773865
BDS campaigners have urged Gustu Group and its chef Kamilla Seidler to pull out from the 2016 Round Tables tour in Tel Aviv. We are glad to hear that their names have been removed from the Round Tables website and from the scheduled side events, Pedro Charbel, Latin America campaigns coordinator for the Palestinian Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions National Committee (BNC), told The Electronic Intifada.

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/top-chef-withdraws-support-tel-aviv-event
Saturday 26 November in London

Join us for an afternoon of talks and resistance culture to mark the launch of the campaign year and the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, featuring keynote speaker Hanan AlHroub:  Winner of the Global Teacher Prize; Leanne Mohamad regional Winner of the Jack Petchey Speak Out Challenge, and Ben Jamal Director of the Palestine Solidarity Campaign

https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/make-it-right-for-palestine-campaign-launch-tickets-29073923889?aff=es2
The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights documented 57 attacks by Israeli forces on the besieged Gaza Strip in October 2016.
Activestills: Photography as solidarity

More: https://electronicintifada.net/content/photography-solidarity/18421
Ahmad Manasra, 14, was sentenced to 12 years in prison.

A video filmed last year shows Ahmad lying on the floor, wounded as Israelis shouted obscenities at the injured child.
Israel is the only country in the world that systematically prosecutes children in military courts- 700 Palestinian children every year.
"Rejecting the initiative, Israel cited the talks as a distraction from the goal of direct negotiations with the Palestinians  despite the fact there have been no such negotiations since the collapse of the US-mediated peace process in 2014."
Palestinian farmers in the Nablus area of the occupied West Bank said that Israeli settlers stole the harvest of 400 olive trees.

More than 30 Palestinian families were barred from entering their land over the weekend. When they were allowed in by Israeli authorities, they were "shocked" to discover the theft.
Wednesday 9th November: Film Screening | Empty Desert at P21 Gallery, central London. 

Empty Desert is a new documentary by Silvia Boarini and Linda Paganelli. Following the screening, PSC Director Ben Jamal will be discussing the film along with Silvia Boarini and others.

More info, RSVP and registration: https://www.facebook.com/events/676046652573424/
Join us in one week for the National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine. Tuesday 15th November 2016. More info: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
Israeli forces tried to drown Palestinian fisherman Mohammad Adel Abu Rayala with wastewater on Monday, according to witnesses.

Palestinian fishermen attempting to earn a living off the coast of the besieged Gaza Strip come under regular attack from Israeli naval forces.

Hewlett Packard (HP) provide the technology for Israeli forces to enforce the criminal siege of Gaza. Sign the pledge to Stop HP: http://stophp.uk
Israeli settlers attacked and injured 3 Palestinian farmers, one critically, on Saturday.

Members of the Abu Fekheideh family were picking olives on their own land in the occupied West Bank.

This is the latest in a series of attacks on Palestinian farmers during this year's olive harvest season.
Photo: Karate graduation ceremony in the besieged Gaza Strip.

(Abed Rahim Khatib / APA images)

More images from October 2016: https://electronicintifada.net/content/month-pictures-october-2016/18411
Israeli forces detained 12 Palestinians in raids on Sunday night across the occupied West Bank.

Around 40% of Palestinian men have been detained by Israel at some point in their lives.
Samer al-Issawi and Munther Snawbar ended their hunger strikes after their demands were met by Israeli authorities.

The strikes were held in solidarity with female Palestinian prisoners.
"Note how in 1919, two years after the Balfour Declaration, the Zionist Organisation in London warned that the problem with democracy was that it too commonly means majority rule without regard to diversities of types or stages of civilisation or differences of quality".

"Thus if the crude arithmetical conception of democracy were to be applied now or at some early stage in the future to Palestinian conditions, the majority that would rule would be the Arab majority, and the task of establishing and developing a great Jewish Palestine would be infinitely more difficult".

"As the Israeli historian Tom Segev has stated by way of comment: The problem at the heart of the Zionist claim was rarely articulated so clearly: the Zionist dream ran counter to the principles of democracy."
Salah Khawaja is a well-known Palestinian non-violent activist. At 2am on 26th October, Israeli forces raided his home and arrested him.

More than a week later, despite being charged with no crime, Khawaja is still in Israel's Ofer prison and has been denied access to a lawyer.
"The governments cover up, the refusal to investigate or release any detail regarding the murder of the five teens  despite the evidence  illustrates the spirit of the military regime, and especially the message sent to Arab citizens: this is a lesson for all to see."
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Robert De Niro and Gerard Butler were among those in attendance at a fundraising dinner for Israeli forces.
PSC Director Ben Jamal writes: 

"The Home Affairs Select Committee report rightly calls for a zero tolerance response to anti-semitism but also asserts its commitment to maintaining free expression. By recommending the usage of a definition of anti-semitism which could criminalise legitimate protest the committee renders that commitment meaningless. One does not need to be an advocate of Palestinian rights to be deeply concerned at this threat to freedom of expression. All of those who care about civil liberties should speak out and defend the right to protest".
Activist photographer collective, Activestills, interviewed.
The governments policy to block local authorities from divesting from the arms trade and companies complicit and profiting from the Israeli occupation came into force on 1 November, despite being overwhelmingly rejected by the public in a consultation earlier this year.

Now Jeremy Corbyn MP along with others is calling for the policy to be annulled in an Early Day Motion. So far 68 MPs have signed, but we need more to make the regulations come up for a Commons debate. Tell your MP to sign the motion and bin this anti-democratic policy!

http://e-activist.com/ea-action/action?ea.client.id=1819&ea.campaign.id=58137&ea.tracking.id=fb
Imad is among hundreds of Palestinians to face similar charges simply for posting public political messages on Facebook or other social media outlets. One particularly infamous case is that of poet Dareen Tatour, who is threatened with years of imprisonment for posting her poetry on YouTube.

http://samidoun.net/2016/11/palestinian-astrophysicist-imad-barghouthi-released-after-over-six-months-in-israeli-prison/
HP profits from Israel's illegal settlements.

Take action now- sign the pledge: http://stophp.uk
Bara Esawi, 12, was shot three times in the leg after she didn't stop at an Israeli military checkpoint. She said afterwards, "I fell to the ground and my books scattered all over the place".
Join us on Tuesday the 15th of November from 12pm-6pm for our National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine.

Together, let's show MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the country who care about Palestine.

Please fill in this form to contact your MP: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
The situation on the ground in Palestine is getting worse. Palestinians are losing more of their homes, land, and lives day in day out. Palestine is being erased, Palestinian rights are being eroded. This is why we campaign, this is why we stand in solidarity.

The truth is campaigns cost money. We know that we will never have the finances of the governments, corporations and media that we take on. But your donations mean we can make our campaigns brave, bold and effective  and when we take on the might of states and companies, we can win

If you havent already, please donate today!

https://palestinecampaign.nationbuilder.com/donate_psc

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/latest-attacks-movement-donate-today/
"Israels government is seeking greater use of detention without charge or trial, at a time when at least three Palestinian prisoners are on hunger strike against the practice."
"My great-great-great-grandfather harvested this land, and every grandfather after that until my father and I," Jaweejat said. "I just can't imagine that this is it; we will lose this land for good."

http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/10/palestinians-mourn-final-cremisan-valley-olive-harvest-161031094433899.html
Please take a minute to contact your MP with our automatic form.

Together we're lobbying Parliament to stand up for Palestinians.

More info here: http://palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby
American student activists for justice for Palestinians are meeting this weekend to "strategize for the long term".

Despite facing smears and repression, students are pushing back and succeeding in having their right to organise for Palestine affirmed.
A new draft law in Israel seeks to retrospectively legalise illegal settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank.

The outposts are considered illegal even by Israeli law, which recognises another 120 settlements in occupied territory as "legal".
Israeli authorities confirmed the administrative detention sentences of 11 Palestinian prisoners on Thursday. 

Administrative detention is imprisonment without charge or trial, based on secret evidence.
The Bristol Palestine Film Festival is taking place this year from 9th-12th December- and they need your help to make it happen.

Check out the excellent rewards and donate now.
An Israeli politician suggested that Italy's recent earthquakes were divine retribution for the Italian government's UN vote on Jerusalem.
Marking the International Day to End Impunity for Crimes against Journalists, demonstrators in Gaza called for Israel to be punished for its crimes against Palestinian journalists. 

Read more: https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161103-israel-should-be-held-accountable-for-its-crimes-against-journalists/
Don't miss the Leeds Palestinian Film Festival, starting tonight with Ambulance by Palestinian director Mohamed Jabaly.

The festival continues until 9th December and is hosted by Leeds Palestine Solidarity Campaign.
Israeli forces detained at least 25 Palestinians, including a journalist, in raids across the occupied West Bank on Wednesday night.

Prisoners' rights group Addameer estimates that 40% of Palestinian men have been detained by Israel at some point in their lives.
Data published by the Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics shows that Arab towns and villages are the poorest in Israel.
If you go to Tel Aviv, your presence will be used by the Israeli authorities to reassure their citizens that alls right with the world and nobody really cares that the Palestinians are suffering. You could step back from this, Waters said in an open letter to The Chemical Brothers.
Palestinian refugees are denied their right to return by Israel.
Thanks to Goldsmiths rugby club, who have put the Palestinian flag on their official shirts, to "demonstrate the students unions commitment to the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement".
Samira Shawamreh, 37, was left with no choice but to divorce her husband in order to access cancer treatment.
Recruiting: Membership and Database Officer

The Membership and Database Officer will provide accurate and useful information to the PSC on membership and finances, to enable PSC to develop its fundraising and membership strategy. The purpose of this role is to manage PSCs database system, Raisers Edge, and to provide excellent supporter care to members, affiliates, and donors.
Have you contacted your MP to ask them to meet you to discuss Palestine? If not, please do so now - it only take sixty seconds.

On Tuesday the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day to ask them to take action against Israel illegal settlements.

Follow this link to contact your MP: http://palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby
"An Israeli military court has ordered the release of a British citizen from custody after a judge ruled that a confession obtained by the Shin Bet security service had been extracted under physical and psychological pressure and without access to a lawyer."
"Israel advocacy groups and individuals are seeking to undermine Palestine solidarity activism on British campuses, using Islamophobic abuse and false accusations of antisemitism."
"Tel Avivs hipster vibe is a bubble on the surface of a very deep security state that drove out half the indigenous Palestinian population in 1948 and has no intention of letting their descendants back in".
"the Hollywood star lists one objection to Clinton that does stand out: She supports unconditional military aid to Israel."

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/susan-sarandon-slams-clintons-unconditional-support-israel
A UN expert on human rights, Martin Lynk has condemned "Israels entrenchment of a colonial-like regime in the Occupied Palestinian Territory". 

He said that no society in the world, other than Palestinian society, "faces such an array of cumulative challenges that includes belligerent occupation, territorial discontinuity, political and administrative divergence, geographic confinement and economic disconnectedness".
Watch this film by prisoners' rights group Addameer, highlighting Israel's practice of administrative detention - imprisonment without charge or trial, based on secret evidence.
Jamal Zahalka, a Palestinian citizen of Israel who leads the Balad party as a member of the Israeli parliament, writes that: 

"The Israeli police have recently been waging an unprecedented campaign of detentions and investigations against the National Democratic Alliance - also known as the Balad party."
"Al-Habbash added that the demolitions were a crime that Israel must be punished for, in accordance with international law. He stressed the sanctity of the the Bab al-Rahma cemetery, as it is considered an Islamic heritage site and part of the Al-Aqsa compound."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773803
United Nations figures show that 2000 Palestinians in the Jordan Valley have been affected by Israeli demolitions so far in 2016.

Israeli forces even destroyed or confiscated 19 toilet structures.
Join us on Tuesday the 15th of November from 12pm-6pm for our National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine.

Click here for more info: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
"Productions such as When Nobody Returns provide agency to Palestinians, those Palestinians who still grind out an existence on the West Bank and Gaza and those in exile, to tell their fundamental story of loss, betrayal, despair and ultimately strength."

http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/10/28/when-nobody-returns-palestinians-show-they-are-people-too/
Nine Palestinian prisoners, including Samer al-Issawi, have continued to refuse food until their demands are met.
"What would your situation be like if your city, town, village or region... was under the same kind of siege for a week, a month, a year or  as in Gazas case, ten years?" - Prof. Kamel Hawwash.
Pink Floyd's Roger Waters has joined thousands of fans in calling on The Chemical Brothers to cancel their Tel Aviv show, in solidarity with the Palestinian call for the cultural boycott of Israel.
"During a political meeting in Jerusalem, Israeli education minister Naftali Bennett said settlers should push further into the disputed territories if the UN declares them illegal."
"Palestinian activists have launched a campaign calling on the British government to apologise for the Balfour Declaration, which pledged a homeland for the Jewish people in historic Palestine nearly a century ago.

"At a launch event at the House of Parliament last Tuesday, Palestinian groups and their supporters blamed the plight of the Palestinian people on the legacy of the pledge and wider British colonialism in the region."
The debate about Zionism ignores what it has meant for Palestinians.
Pink Floyd's Roger Waters lost a $4 million sponsorship with American Express due to his support of Palestinian rights.
It is outrageous that the US government has decided that over the next 10 years we will be giving $38 billion to the state of Israel, said Wright, a retired US army colonel, former diplomat, and human rights activist.
Israeli forces have been filmed throwing stones at Palestinian children.
Five-year-old Ibrahim has been banned by Israeli authorities from visiting his father in an Israeli prison.
US presidential candidate Hilary Clinton proposed rigging the 2006 Palestinian elections, a newly-leaked video has confirmed.

"I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake", said Clinton.

"And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win".
The EU's top foreign policy official has recognised the right of its citizens to boycott Israel. Federica Mogherini told the European Parliament: "The EU stands firm in protecting freedom of expression and freedom of association in line with the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, which is applicable on EU member states territory, including with regard to BDS [boycott, divestment and sanctions] actions carried out on this territory".
"A video has emerged showing an employee of Student Rights, a so-called counter-extremism organisation linked to the Henry Jackson Society, shouting Islamophobic abuse during a controversial event at University College London (UCL) on Thursday night.

"Elliot Miller, national organiser for Student Rights who has previously worked with the Israeli foreign ministry, had already been captured on video shoving a member of the public. The new footage is expected to add to the pressure on Student Rights to take action.

"In the clip, Miller is seen shouting You treat them like shit! You dont respect women, you dont respect gaysyoure allIts a violent religion, a violent religion!"
Poverty is rising. Unemployment is rising to epic levels. Food insecurity is becoming more acute. The Palestinian economy is becoming more stifled and less viable under the occupation, the expert continued. Israels deliberate fragmentation of the [Occupied Palestinian Territory] and lack of development has negatively impacted human rights.

http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=55426#.WBcZEy2LTIU
"One cannot disconnect what took place in Kafr Qasim from the injustices and oppression that began in 1948 and continue until today in places such as Al-Araqib and Umm al-Hiran, where the authorities destroy homes and expropriate land on a regular basis. The massacre was yet another attempt to force Palestinians to leave their homeland and join the hundreds of thousands of refugees who were expelled during the 1948 war."

http://972mag.com/my-grandmother-was-murdered-in-kafr-qasim-now-these-are-my-demands/122893/
Please join the National Lobby for Palestine on the 15 November.

Take one minute to make an appointment with your MP to raise important issues such as the increase in demolitions of Palestinian homes and structures, and the rapid expansion of illegal Israeli settlements on Palestinian land!

Sign up now: www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
"the village is being crushed between the two giants on either side. The homes of Betar Ilit, an ultra-Orthodox settlement, are lurching into the wadi (valley in Arabic) and its plots in the east, and a new neighborhood, now under construction, is drawing the large settlement even closer to the villages fields and groves. To the west, a new neighborhood being built in Tzur Hadassah (which lies within Israel proper) is also encroaching.

http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.749509
"While Bedouins of the Negev are Israeli citizens, the villages unrecognized by the government have faced relentless efforts by Israeli authorities to expel them from their lands and transferring them to government-zoned townships in order to make room for Jewish Israeli homes."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773779
Today, approximately 50 cities and towns have declared themselves free of Israeli apartheid. The latest to join the movement is Cdiz, Andalusia. Cdiz, with more than 120,000 residents, is one of the largest cities to support the campaign. 

https://electronicintifada.net/content/israel-lobby-lawsuits-aim-slow-boycott-spain/18341
A statement issued by some of the protesters said: Yesterday evening, 70 students gathered on UCL campus in nonviolent protest of an event organized by the UCLU Friends of Israel society to host former Israeli soldier Hen Mazzig. This was a peaceful protest. Everything was documented and there is no evidence of any violence.

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/hilary-aked/violence-abuse-israel-supporters-caught-video-london-college
Dave Randall, guitarist, producer and composer has contributed to multi-million selling albums by Grammy Award winning artist Dido and has toured the world a number of times performing with UK dance act Faithless. Here he is supporting the campaign for Palestinian prisoners by wearing the 'Free Abu Sakha' T-shirt. Thank you Dave!! 

To find out more about him, here is his site: http://www.randallmusic.net/

Abu Sakha is a 24 year old Palestinian who works at the Palestinian circus school. He specializes in teaching children with learning difficulties, who make up 30 of the more than 300 students at the school. On the 14th December, he was arrested and given a 6-month sentence of administrative detention, which can be renewed indefinitely. He has not been charged with anything and has been denied the right to challenge his detention as no evidence has been presented against him.
"The Israeli education system can be seen as a political tool used by the government to advance its goals of furthering the Jewish character of the state rather than to provide the best possible education for all citizens"

http://www.middleeasteye.net/essays/divide-and-rule-how-school-system-sows-division-among-palestinian-citizens-israel-1534031059
Two weeks ago, dozens of extremist Israeli settlers harassed Palestinian families who were picking olives on their private lands west of Nablus city.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773766
Federica Mogherini, EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs, condemns attacks on human rights defenders and affirms the rights of European citizens to freedom of expression and association, including through participation in the Palestinian-led Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement.

http://www.eccpalestine.org/eu-high-representative-federica-mogherini-affirms-the-right-to-bds/
Join us on the 15 November to Lobby your MP for an end to house demolitions and the expansion of Israeli settlements on occupied Palestinian land:
the combination of mounting demolitions and evictionsreveal Israeli steps to consolidate control of this key point of contention between Israel and Palestine, pre-empting negotiations and further thwarting the viability of the two-state solution.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161027-israel-doubles-demolitions-of-palestinian-structures/#.WBIxNd8iy2Q.twitter
"Israeli forces also raided the home of sick prisoner Mutawwakil Radwan overnight, and threatened his access to medical care if his relatives kept advocating for his release."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773749
"There is no evidence of violence from pro-Palestinian demonstrators."
"Hisham's Palace is one of the most famous sites in Jericho, one of the most important places in Palestine," Iyad Hamdan, head of Jericho's Ministry of Tourism, said of the 150-acre archaeological site, which is composed of a palace, audience hall, thermal bath and fountain pavilion built during the Umayyad period.

http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/inpictures/2016/10/repairing-palestine-historic-mosaics-161024170758114.html
This Flesh Is Mine / When Nobody Returns

Palestinian Ashtar Theater is in London until the 6th November

Displaced people take to the seas, soldiers carry mental scars, and long-remembered scores need to be settled. Alongside war, death, honour and reconciliation, two plays engage profoundly with themes surrounding the current refugee crisis.

https://playsofloveandwar.com/this-flesh-is-mine/

http://www.bordercrossings.org.uk/programme/plays-love-and-war
Join the Global Week of Action against Hewlett Packard 25 November to 3 December - Featuring many actions around the UK!

The International Boycott HP Network convened by the Palestinian BDS National Committee is calling for an International Week of Action targeting occupation and prison profiteer Hewlett Packard to take place Friday, November 25 - Saturday, December 3, including the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People on November 29. 
http://bdsmovement.net/hp-woa

https://www.facebook.com/events/112884545846474/
In his brief but fateful 1917 declaration, then Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour proclaimed the British government would use their best endeavors to facilitate the establishment of a national home for the Jewish people. Thus, even before the British Mandate had officially begun, Balfour promised Palestine to the Zionist Federation without the consent of its Palestinian inhabitants. His concise erasure of Palestinian culture and history is found within the very vocabulary he used, referring to the indigenous, majority population only as non-Jewish.

https://al-shabaka.org/commentaries/one-hundred-years-and-counting-britain-balfour-and-the-cultural-repression-of-palestinians/?utm_source=Al-Shabaka+announcements&utm_campaign=13ba5b6e1b-Commentary_Balfour_10_27_2016&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_a9ca5175dc-13ba5b6e1b-416234721
'Israel and South Africa: The Many Faces of Apartheid' is a collection of essays edited by Israeli historian Ilan Pappe, examining the similarities and differences between apartheid South Africa and Israeli apartheid.

"Pappe claims that understanding the historical roots of these commonalities and differences is essential to realizing why Israeli apartheid is of a special type and has been more difficult to overcome."
The demolition of the school is clearly to make way for the illegal Israeli mega settlement of Maale Adumim in East Jerusalem. http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773698

Join us to campaign against these ongoing human rights violations, at the National Lobby for Palestine on the 15th November, by urging your MP to take action:  http://act.palestinecampaign.org/lobby/parliament2016
Donald Trump's Israel adviser said that Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank are not illegal, a view with which Trump agrees.

In March, Trump said, "When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on day one".

The United States has recently approved a $38 billion military aid package to Israel, the largest in history.
Two Israeli lawmakers have called for Amnesty International's tax-exempt status to be cancelled. Miki Zohar and Bezalel Smotrich both sit on the Israeli parliament's finance committee.

Smotrich claimed that Amnesty is "radically against the State of Israel and its leaders", while Zohar said the human rights organisation is "working to harm the State of Israel and is taking any opportunity to limit the states power to defend itself."
"International Criminal Court preliminary examinations have been known to take as long as a decade or more, but there is little doubt among legal observers closely following the case that there will be a criminal investigation into Israeli war crimes."
"One hundred years of planned, then implemented dispossession, is one hundred years too long. Today, we must look at a future that accommodates the people living in historic Palestine, as well as those with an internationally recognised right to live there, the Palestinian refugees."
Israeli forces again made a military incursion into the besieged Gaza Strip on Thursday, levelling land in the Israeli-enforced "buffer zone", as Israeli surveillance aircraft flew overheard.

Such incursions have long been a near-daily occurrence, despite the 2014 ceasefire which marked the end of Israel's last major assault.
Jonathan Cook, journalist, writes that "The top posts in Israel's national police force are now in the hands of hardline religious settlers who are seeking to make "alarming" changes to policing in both Israel and the occupied territories, critics have warned."
Together we are part of a global movement refusing to do business with occupation, colonisation and discrimination.

Donate today: https://palestinecampaign.nationbuilder.com/donate_psc
The torture of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails is systematic and widespread.
Palestinians are calling on PayPal to open up its services to them.
Once again our movement is under attack  the government has introduced legislation to prevent councils divesting from companies that profit from the Israeli occupation and human rights abuses. The aim is to stop councils from being able to make ethical decisions about investments linked to Israels illegal settlements and also to arms companies.

At a time when Palestinians are losing their homes at an ever increasing rate to make way for yet more illegal settlements our government is trying to stop us holding Israel to account.

Were launching an appeal today not simply to help us challenge this piece of legislation but because we know that there are a whole host of attacks we are facing as a movement  and we need to be able to fight back against them all. So we are asking for your support.

Donate to our campaign now!
https://www.palestinecampaign.org/latest-attacks-movement-donate-today/
Israel launched Operation Protective Shield on the Gaza Strip in July 2014. The 51-day onslaught led to the death of more than 2,140 people, the majority children, and left hundreds of thousands homeless, living in UNRWA schools or in tents.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161026-picturing-the-misery-of-israels-2014-attack-on-gaza/#.WBCTxZFYNLY.twitter
"Israel has stepped up its campaign to quash Palestinians and internationals who are speaking out against its occupation of Palestinian land."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161026-israel-arrests-prominent-palestinian-activist/
"Yet after more than 20 years of separation, thousands of women are once again uniting for a common cause. It is a historic moment, and even those who try to ignore it will find it harder and harder to do so as it continues to grow."

http://972mag.com/how-thousands-of-palestinian-and-israeli-women-are-waging-peace/122801/
Please take 2 minutes today to make an appointment with your MP for the National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine on Tuesday 15 November:

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
"Many West Bank communities are facing similar problems, amid an acute water shortage that has lasted for months. In the Salfit, Jenin and Hebron governorates, some villages have gone as long as 40 days in a row without running water."

http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/10/palestinian-villages-hours-water-week-161023105150024.html?utm_content=buffer88b81&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer
More than 1,293 Palestinians have been displaced since the beginning of 2016 as a result of demolitions in the occupied territory, compared to 688 Palestinians displaced over the entirety of 2015, according to UN documentation.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773721
Bill Williamson will be at Broadacre House, Newcastle on Tuesday 1st November, talking about his new book, Place is the Passion: Reframing the Israel/Palestine Conflict.

Dr Bill Williamson is emeritus professor of education at Durham University and Chair of Durham Palestine Solidarity Campaign.

More info: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/events/talk-bill-williamson-reframing-israel-palestine-conflict/
Israeli settlers have established a new illegal settlement in the occupied West Bank, on private Palestinian land.

Soon after the outpost was settled, Israeli forces demolished a Palestinian family's nearby residences.
Israel's national theatre company Habima is scheduled to perform for the first time in Kiryat Arba, an illegal Israeli settlement in the occupied West Bank.

The illegal settlement hosts the grave of Baruch Goldstein, "a Jewish extremist who killed 29 Palestinians and injured dozens more in an attack in Hebron in 1994, and a park dedicated to the extremist rabbi Meir Kahane."
Thousands of artists across the world now refuse to perform in Israel, including a host of global superstars such as Roger Waters from Pink Floyd, Lauryn Hill and Chuck D.
Following his appearance before the UN Security Council, the executive director of Israeli rights group B'Tselem, Hagai El-Ad, was threatened with the revocation of his citizenship by the government.

Since then, donations to B'Tselem have increased tenfold.
Join the International Week of Action on Hewlett Packard (HP), who profit from Israel's occupation and oppression of Palestinians.

In the UK we're calling for a Day of Action on Saturday 26th November.

For more information see http://stophp.uk
Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) activists in France are making gains despite repressive laws targeting the Palestinian rights movement.
Explaining why Qalandiya International chose the right of return as the festival's theme, Mahmoud Abu Hashhash, the director of the Culture and Arts Programme at the AM Qattan Foundation, said, "Palestinians are still living the Nakba".
The executive director of Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem, Hagai El-Ad, condemned the occupation of Palestinian territory at the UN Security Council last week, urging international action.

The Israeli government responded by threatening to revoke his citizenship. Here, El-Ad replies to B'Tselem's critics.
Far-right Israeli defense minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Israel's next military assault on the besieged Gaza Strip will be "the final war for them because we will completely destroy them".
Israeli forces detained 20 Palestinians, including 5 minors, in raids on Saturday night in occupied East Jerusalem.
"The Palestinians need action, not another copy-paste condemnation from the Foreign Office and certainly not a cynical "pro-peace" campaign designed to neutralise opposition to, and secure continued impunity for, an Israeli government busy expanding settlements, demolishing Palestinian homes, and clamping down on dissent." - Ben White.
"We have been facing shortages for decades, and the reason is not natural, but man-made - meaning the Israeli occupation and Israeli control over water resources in the Palestinian territories."
We are part of a global movement proudly refusing to do business with occupation and discrimination.

Donate today: http://palestinecampaign.nationbuilder.com/donate_psc
Chronic fuel and electricity shortages, with power cuts between 18 and 22 hours per day, extreme water pollution  - 95 per cent of the Gaza groundwater is undrinkable - and devastated infrastructure, as a dire reminder of repeated cycles of armed violence, are the daily reality. Gazas people are denied a human standard of living. 

http://www.unrwa.org/newsroom/features/denied-human-standard-living-gaza-blockade-has-entered-its-tenth-year?utm_content=buffer28d1c&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer
"UN OCHA notes that attacks by Israeli forces included the raiding of Dar al Aytam School in the Old City of Jerusalem, arresting 14 students and the head of the school, as well as the Director of Al Waqf schools in Jerusalem."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161021-jerusalem-hit-hard-by-violent-israeli-raids-and-wave-of-arrests/
"In July, Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported how restrictions have been tightened on Palestinians seeking to depart the Gaza Strip and on imports permitted into the territory, including a prohibition on certain businessmen from importing their merchandise into Gaza."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161021-why-is-israel-tightening-the-gaza-blockade/
The health of Ahmad Abu Farah, 29, and Anas Shadid, 20, is deteriorating rapidly as they continue hunger strikes in solitary confinement, in protest at being imprisoned without charge or trial.
Maaz Khalil, 17, was detained when Israeli forces raided his school for the fifth time in ten days on Wednesday.
Settlements are not a victimless crime

Israeli settlements are villages, towns and cities built illegally on Palestinian land. With the continual building of more and more settlements Israel is building Palestine out of existence.

Join the National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine on 15 November - Please take a minute to write to your MP now:

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
"In 2014, the Irish government authorized 272 flights bringing weapons or explosives through Shannon [airport in Ireland]. Most were destined for the Middle East."

"Margaretta DArcy, now aged 82, has twice been jailed for staging a protest on the airports runway in 2013."
Coinciding with UN International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, Tuesday November 29th, we are launching a week-long exhibition celebrating art and resistance. 

'A Portrait of Palestine' will showcase cartoons depicting life in the West Bank of Palestine by former Indy cartoonist Tim Sanders

https://www.facebook.com/events/1467028253311630/
Coinciding with UN International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, Tuesday November 29th, we are launching a week-long exhibition celebrating art and resistance. 

'A Portrait of Palestine' will showcase cartoons depicting life in the West Bank of Palestine by former Indy cartoonist Tim Sanders

https://www.facebook.com/events/1467028253311630/
"The structure dates back some 1,400 years to the first era of the Umayyad Caliphate, and talks about the history of the Palestinian people and has a great historical value"

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161021-worlds-largest-mosaic-unveiled-in-west-bank/
Since the establishment of the settlement in 1979, which at the time of the report had 1,595 residents, Palestinian residents and farmers of Deir al-Hatab have been subjected to various settler attacks, in addition to the settlers having also stolen crops, damaged trees and attacked animals, homes and other private property.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773666
"Students have won major victories for free speech on US campuses lately as attempts by Israel lobby groups to suppress Palestine solidarity activism continue to fall flat."
A senior UN official has complained about the deterioration of "the operating environment for humanitarian action in Gaza".

Stephen OBrien condemned Israel's policy of demolishing Palestinian homes, saying "there have been more demolitions in occupied East Jerusalem, 147, than in any year since the UN began systematically recording such demolitions in 2008".

O'Brien added, "these demolitions violate international law and must cease immediately".
INFOGRAPHIC: Barriers on the journey to recovery for Palestinian women with breast cancer in Gaza. Read and take action below.
The closure of Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign (IPSC)'s bank accounts is "an attack on Palestinian rights" and the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, said the group.
Palestinian officials said they would continue to press for a UN Security Council resolution to halt Israel's illegal settlement programme.
Mahmoud Jamal Muhammad Jawda died on Thursday evening, after succumbing to wounds sustained nearly 10 years ago.

Jawda, 23, was shot with live fire by an Israeli helicopter in 2007, damaging his spine and internal organs. His leg was later amputated.

His mother and sisters were not granted permits by Israeli authorities to leave the besieged Gaza Strip to attend his funeral in the occupied West Bank.
Raheeq Yousef was shot repeatedly by Israeli forces at a military checkpoint on Wednesday. She was the 234th Palestinian to be killed by Israeli forces and armed settlers since October 2015.
Graffiti can spark a revolution. One phrase can energize people. One drawing can move them to demand their rights."
Khalid Bahr Ahmad Bahr, 15, was shot dead by Israeli forces near the occupied city of Hebron in the West Bank on Thursday.

Israeli authorities claimed Bahr had thrown stones.
"Hundreds of officers and activists in the UKs National Union of Students are defending their president, Malia Bouattia.

In an open letter, the student leaders condemn an influential parliamentary committees selective and partisan report on anti-Semitism in the UK, which was published on Sunday."
The decision by Israeli authorities to deport Dr Adam Hanieh and ban him for 10 years from the country has been condemned by the director of SOAS University, Baroness Valerie Amos, as "an arbitrary breach of academic freedom" in a letter to the Israeli Embassy.

Lady Amos herself met Israeli Ambassador Mark Regev at SOAS earlier this year and was pictured alongside him, leading to students protesting outside her office and demanding an apology.
Israeli authorities have denied entry to at least 115 British nationals so far this year. 15 of those allege mistreatment.
We are part of a global movement proudly refusing to do business with occupation and discrimination.

Donate today: https://palestinecampaign.nationbuilder.com/donate_psc
"I would not be writing this column in this way if the UK Parliaments home affairs select committee had not dragged my homeland, Palestine, into the controversy surrounding anti-Semitism in this country through its decision this month to redefine the term.

"Britain, which made the Balfour Declaration to the Zionists in 1917, has through the findings of this report, given the right to Zionists to silence Palestinians and their supporters in 2016."
"Gaza may be besieged, but it has artists who are capable of absorbing what is happening in Palestine and conveying this to the outside world in different, creative ways".
Please take a minute to take action against the governments policy to block local authorities from deciding how to invest their pensions, despite the fact that it was overwhelmingly rejected by the public in a consultation earlier this year.

This policy would force local pension funds to invest in the arms trade or in firms complicit in Israels violations of Palestinian rights.

Please tell your MP to attend the debate on the issue in Westminster Hall on the 24 October to raise your concerns.

http://e-activist.com/ea-action/action?ea.client.id=1819&ea.campaign.id=57578
"Economic growth has stagnated since the siege was imposed in 2006; unemployment currently stands at 40 percent; according to the World Bank, the majority of Gazas economy is based today on international aid, and cannot sustain itself; four out of five Gaza residents are in need of humanitarian aid."

http://972mag.com/gazas-women-are-being-besieged-on-all-sides/122683/
The woman became the 224th Palestinian to be killed by Israeli soldiers and settlers since a wave of violence spread across the occupied Palestinian territory and Israel last year.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161019-israeli-forces-kill-palestinian-woman-in-nablus/
Israeli military incursions inside the besieged Gaza Strip and near the buffer zone," which lies on both land and sea sides of Gaza, have long been a near-daily occurrence.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773631
On Tuesday the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day to ask them to take action against Israel illegal settlements. 

By doing this together, it shows MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the country who care about Palestine.

To arrange a meeting with your MP please send a message with our easy-to-use e-tool: http://act.palestinecampaign.org/lobby/parliament2016
At least 10 Palestinians were detained in raids on Monday night in the occupied West Bank. Another 14 were detained in occupied East Jerusalem on Monday afternoon.

Prisoners' rights group Addameer estimates that 40% of the Palestinian male population has been detained at some point.
The overwhelming majority of Palestinian children held at Israel's Meggido and Ofer prisons are tortured, according to the Palestinian Committee of Prisoners Affairs.

The use of administrative detention - imprisonment without charge or trial - against Palestinian children has also risen dramatically recently.
Tuesday 29th November, 6pm-9pm

You are invited to Portrait of Palestine, with Tim Sanders & friends.

Get your tickets here: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/a-portrait-of-palestine-opening-night-food-and-art-as-resistance-tickets-27995131191
Israeli forces killed 10 activists onboard the Mavi Marmara humanitarian boat to Gaza in 2010. More than 700 activists from the flotilla were also allegedly assaulted and unlawfully detained by Israel.

Now they're concerned that the legal case - aimed at holding four Israeli generals to account in a Turkish court - will be dropped, due to a recent agreement between Israel and Turkey to restore diplomatic relations.
Israeli culture minister Miri Regev has urged the Israeli city of Haifa's municipality to cancel a performance by Palestinian rapper Tamer Nafar.

Nafar, a Palestinian citizen of Israel, who rose to prominence with the rap group DAM, said, "I understand that the city is under pressure from the culture minister and her gaggle of racists, and it is hoping that I will cancel, but I have no intention of letting them silence me".
A professor at Israel's Hebrew University has said that there is no Jewish majority between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea; that is, across the occupied West Bank and Gaza, and Israel.
Palestinian cancer patients in Gaza, living under Israel's siege, say that the denial of travel permits for them to receive treatment in Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank is a "flagrant violation" of international law, which forbids collective punishment.
"Apartheid, annexation, mass displacement and collective punishment have become core policies of the state of Israel."
At least five Palestinian children have been imprisoned by Israeli authorities without charge or trial recently, due to social media posts that are alleged to amount to "incitement".

Fadi, 16, spent seven months in administrative detention after posting a photo of a rifle on his Facebook profile.
Campaigners for justice for Palestinians are targeting IT giant Hewlett Packard (HP), because the corporation profits from Israel's occupation and oppression of Palestinians.

"HP is deeply invested in Israels military and security infrastructure, supplying the IT systems for Israels defense ministry, supplying and managing the computer servers for the army and administering the IT infrastructure for the navy."
Hewlett-Packard (HP) provide imaging for Israels discriminatory checkpoint and ID card systems; enable Israels deadly blockade of the Gaza Strip; provide services to Israels illegal settlements; and profit from Israeli prisons where the use of torture is systematic.

We know it is high time HP withdrew from their contracts with Israel  and stopped profiting from discrimination, occupation and human rights abuses  so we are taking action. With our friends and partners from across the globe we are organising against HP. 

Join us!
Israeli forces detained 17 Palestinians in raids on Sunday night, including 10 teenagers and a Palestinian education official.
"You can improve quality of life, remove any form of uprising in the short term. But in the longer term, Palestinians will seek equality, civil rights and political representation. They won't acquiesce".
Israeli authorities have stopped crossings between the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip for the Jewish holiday of Sukkot.
The executive director of B'Tselem told the UN Security Council that "Israel will not cease being an oppressor simply by waking up one day and realising the brutality of its policies", and said the UN "must act".
"The declassified document shows how the Israeli right and left are united by the question of what to do with the Palestinians. Yes, the answers differ. But that the very existence of the Palestinian people is a problem at all for the Jewish state is a belief shared by so-called hawks and doves alike."
The birth of Wilad Shaat takes the besieged Gaza Strip's population up to beyond 2 million.

Walid's father Jihad said, "I hope Walid sees better days than his older brother, Motasem".

Walid's half-brother Motasem was just 28 days old when his mother, Jihad's first wife was killed by an Israeli bomb.
"Palestine Solidarity Campaign chair Hugh Lanning said the definition would have a chilling effect on what can be said in opposition to Israels policies of discrimination and oppression towards the Palestinian people."
Mark your diaries for November 25th to December 3rd 2016!

Join the International Week of Action against Hewlett-Packard (HP), who profit from Israel's occupation and oppression of Palestinians.

Visit http://bdsmovement.net/hp-woa for more information.
From 4th - 6th November, join the Boycott Israel Network's 11th weekend workshop in Coalbrookdale, near Telford. 

In the last year we have seen concerted attacks on BDS. This weekend will be an opportunity to develop strategies against those attacks and on our rights to free speech on Israel.
August 2016 saw a 7-year-low in the number of permits approved by Israeli authorities for unwell Palestinians to leave Gaza for treatment
"It is the disappearance of Palestinian memory that Israel is seeking to achieve, along with the disappearance of the people themselves".
Yet again, Israeli forces have opened fire on Palestinian fishermen attempting to earn a living despite Israel's illegal blockade.

The Palestinian Center for Human Rights said that Israeli forces shot at Palestinian fishermen at least 139 times in 2015.
Avigdor Lieberman, Israel's far-right Defense Minister, has instructed the Israeli authorities responsible for administering the occupation of Palestinian territory to further tighten the criminal siege of Gaza.
Support Palestine in Bexleyheath and Bromley, 3rd November.

Ben Jamal, Director of Palestine Solidarity Campaign, will introduce a screening of a new film by Omar Barghouti (pictured), a co-founder of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement.
PSC's response to the Home Affairs Select Committee report: Opposition to antisemitism must not prevent scrutiny of Israeli human rights abuses

Hugh Lanning, Chair of PSC states: "The report is muddled and fails to differentiate between the actions rightfully needed to combat antisemitism and those which would clamp down on legitimate calls to end the abuses carried out by Israel.
"For the people of Palestine, American foreign policy regarding Israel has a direct and astounding effect on their daily lives. Could it be that the United States is the de facto catalyst for which Israeli military policies in Palestine are exercised?"
Majd Abu Shamla, 25, and Hassan Rabayaa, 31, recently entered their 10th day of hunger strike in an Israeli prison.

They are protesting at being held without charge or trial.
"When recollecting the Nakba, Palestinian refugees in Syria recall fishing in the Jordan River, the trees on their land and the houses they once lived in. With these memories they evoke a world that was destroyed by the 1948 Catastrophe, rather than the actual death and displacement of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians to make way for the creation of Israel."
"Facebook resumed its policy of targeting Palestinian media pages with the accounts of eight administrators of the Palestine Information Centre and Al-Rai being deleted"
Reem Kelani, live in Cambridge, 21st October.

Palestinian singer and activist Reem Kelani was born in Manchester, brought up in Kuwait and lives in London. Her recently released second album Reem Kelani: Live at the Tabernacle follows her 2006 classic Sprinting Gazelle  Palestinian Songs from the Motherland and the Diaspora.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/events/concert-reem-kelani/
The International Boycott HP Network is calling for an International Week of Action targeting occupation and prison profiteer HP.

Read more about how to take part in the campaign here.
You can't build peace with concrete - Why ending our relationships with Israel's illegal settlements is the key

PSC fringe event at the SNP Conference, with SNP Friends of Palestine and the New Statesman 

Saturday 15 October 12.30pm in Glasgow
Netanyahu advisor told Hillary Clinton to "attack, attack, attack" supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement
Want to get involved with the campaign against Hewlett-Packard (HP)? Don't miss the Stop HP webinar this Monday 17th October.

The webinar will last one hour and will cover:
* Why Boycott Hewlett Packard? (Riya Hassan BNC);
* Campaign Strategy (Salim Alam PSC);
* The Legal Case Against HP (Michael Duke PSC);
* Activist resources and Plans for the International Week of Action against HP (Samir Eskanda PSC)

Monday 17th October, 7.30pm  8.30pm.

You can register to take part here: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/4903673803473785603
Imad Barghouti, professor of astrophysics at Al-Quds University, has been sentenced by Israeli authorities to 7 months in prison for "incitement" on social media.

EI reports: "During his trial, prosecutors reportedly entered into evidence the number of likes and shares his Facebook posts criticizing Palestinian politics and the Israeli occupation received."
A group of Palestinian children, and members of the Palestinian national women's team, walked to an illegal Israeli settlement to try to play football. Israeli forces prevented them.
Join us on Tuesday the 15th of November for the National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine.

To arrange a meeting with your MP please send a message with our e-tool, it takes 2 minutes: http://act.palestinecampaign.org/lobby/parliament2016

The most powerful way to let your MP know you care about Palestine is to ask them to meet you to discuss it. On Tuesday the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day to ask them to take action against Israel illegal settlements. By doing this together, it shows MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the country who care about Palestine.
How can students succeed with Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions campaigns?

Watch this short film, the third in a series of three by Roua Naboulsi.
The International Committee of the Red Cross said that the violence inflicted on the besieged Gaza Strip has caused "deep psychological and physical wounds" to its 2 million Palestinian inhabitants.
"So long as Israel remains an apartheid state, its diplomats will be made to feel unwelcome by conscientious students and teachers.

"Rather than accepting that reality, it would appear that Israeli diplomats prefer to smear their critics."
Global BDS Week of Action: Protest HP Nov 25 - Dec 3!
More than 300 Palestinians were shot with live ammunition by Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip between January and August 2016. Half of those injured were shot in refugee camps.
Ali Atif Shuyukhi, 20, was shot and killed by Israeli forces in occupied Jerusalem on Tuesday night.

Palestinian medics were prevented by Israeli forces from reaching him to provide medical care.

Ali's mother said, "Ali was not the first. Every day there is an Ali."
Dozens of Palestinians were shot and injured by Israeli forces on Wednesday morning, on the fourth day of violent raids on the town of al-Ram in the Jerusalem district.
"Even though I had eight children, I have never truly experienced being a mother... Each time my children came back to me, Israel would just come and take them away again."
Join the Global Week of Action on Hewlett-Packard (HP), from November 25th to December 3rd 2016!
HP enables Israel's mass detention and imprisonment of Palestinians.

Sign the pledge to #StopHP - http://stophp.uk
PSC Director Ben Jamal writes in The Guardian that football governing body FIFA must ban Israel's illegal settlement-based clubs.

"There is a now a rising tide of pressure on Fifa to act. Some 66 MEPs and six leading human rights lawyers, have all made calls for Fifa to act to ensure it applies its statutes appropriately to the IFA. More than 150,000 ordinary football fans have also signed a petition. In the UK fans have been making their views clear, with prominent demonstrations at Wales v Israel games in 2015 and 2016, and of course the Celtic fans demonstration earlier this year."
"When my son asked if the Israeli army would bomb our home as well, I told him we would be safe. But he argued that what happened in Gaza could happen here as well. I quietly remembered the Israeli bombardments and military invasions that took place in Ramallah during the Second Intifada, only a few years earlier."

http://972mag.com/palestinian-mothers-teach-life-not-hate/122570/
Settlements are not a victimless crime

Israeli settlements are villages, towns and cities built illegally on Palestinian land. With the continual building of more and more settlements Israel is building Palestine out of existence.

Settlements and their residents live under the protection of the Israeli forces: Palestinians are not allowed in. They are kept at bay by checkpoints, razor wire and heavily armed soldiers. Settlements often take the water resources on which the local Palestinian populations would have relied. Settlements are serviced by a system of segregated roads that Palestinians are not allowed even to take their cars on.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/campaigns/settlements/
At a recent meeting in London, a member of the Israeli parliament vowed there will never be a Palestinian state, and claimed that Palestinians have been in Palestine for "only for the last 200 years".
Rashed Al-Hajjawi - dubbed the 'Palestinian Messi' - has been signed by major Italian football club Juventus. Good luck Rashed!
How can students get involved in Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaigns?

Watch this short film, the second in a series of three by Roua Naboulsi.
"Six Israeli football clubs based in illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank play in the lower Israeli leagues but on Palestinian land without the permission of the Palestinian Football Association (PFA)."

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/11/un-sets-out-position-on-israeli-settlement-clubs-letter-fifa
Two Palestinian workers were shot and injured by Israeli forces near Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank on Monday.
"[T]he deputy mayor of Jerusalem vowed to punish residents of East Jerusalem, accusing them of animal behavior."
Majdi Muhammad, a photographer with the Associated Press, was shot with a rubber-coated steel bullet by Israeli forces on Sunday.

"We have reason to believe that this shooting was intentional", said the Foreign Press Association in Israel, adding, "Our repeated calls for Israel to uphold its commitment to honor press freedom and safety have repeatedly fallen on deaf ears".
Ramzi Abu Ajamia, 13, was shot in both legs by Israeli forces during a night raid on a Palestinian refugee camp. 

After six surgeries and finally being sent home to recover, Israeli forces smashed down the door of his family home and arrested him.

He was interrogated every day for two weeks.

"They screamed at me, they kept me in small, dark, cold rooms, they told me my brother had told them everything about me, they threatened my family, they did everything they could to try and intimidate me, but I just kept telling them I had no idea what they were talking about".
Israeli forces detained 56 Palestinians on Sunday night in raids across the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.

Some 7,000 Palestinians are held in Israeli prisons.
The most powerful way to let your MP know you care about Palestine is to ask them to meet you to discuss it. 

On Tuesday the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day to ask them to take action against Israel illegal settlements. 

By doing this together, it shows MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the country who care about Palestine.
"At least 150 Palestinians have been arrested in recent months for incitement through social media, but often civilians, activists and journalists are targeted for posts criticising Israeli actions rather than inciting violence, according to the Palestine Information Centre."
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called on the organisation to publish a list of corporations complicit in Israel's illegal settlements in occupied territory.
Undercover Israeli forces entered the Aida refugee camp in Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank on Monday and arrested 8 Palestinian children.
Naftali Bennett has called for Elor Azaria, the army medic who was filmed executing a wounded Palestinian, to be pardoned if found guilty.

Education minister Bennett has previously said "Ive killed lots of Arabs in my life  and theres no problem with that".
"The gas grenades that the Israeli soldiers throw bear the label 'made in the USA' on them. Everyone knows - all Palestinians know - that these are American weapons."
Israeli forces have demolished multiple homes of one Palestinian Bedouin family in the Naqab/Negev desert in the south of Israel.

A local activist, Said al-Kharumi said, "This racist, unjust policy to subdue our people... will fail, as prior attempts did. The houses will be built again and our people will continue to live with dignity on their land".
"Although 80 percent of Gazas inhabitants are dependent on humanitarian assistance, charities have faced a range of hurdles to deliver aid... [The UN] reported that Israel required it to pay almost $1.5 million in transit charges for aid deliveries last year."
Israeli forces demolished 8 homes in the Palestinian Bedouin village of Khan al-Ahmar on Sunday, leaving 28 Palestinians, including 18 children homeless.

Ma'an reports: "Khan al-Ahmar is one of several Bedouin villages facing forced relocation due to plans by Israeli authorities to build thousands of homes for Jewish-only settlements".
HP profits from Israel's blockade of Gaza.

Sign the pledge to #StopHP - http://stophp.uk
This is Imad Barghouti, 54, a world-renowned astrophysicist. On Sunday, Israeli authorities sentenced him to 7 months in prison. 

He has previously been held under administrative detention - imprisonment without charge or trial, based on undisclosed evidence.

Barghouti is a professor of theoretical space plasma physics at al-Quds University in occupied East Jerusalem.

Read more: http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773486
According to Amnesty International, nearly 200,000 Palestinians in the West Bank do not have access to running water.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773479
Often overlooked is the fact that a fifth of Israel's citizens are not Jewish but Palestinian. Journalist Jonathan Cook explains how Israel has created structural discrimination to deprive this large Palestinian minority of rights and of access to the state's key resources.

https://vimeo.com/181319721?ref=fb-share&1
Join the National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine
Tuesday 15 November

Please take 1 minute and contact your MP for Palestine!

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
The close of September marked a year since the emergence of a new and ongoing phase of rebellion and confrontation between Palestinians and Israeli forces, during which approximately 250 Palestinians and 30 Israelis have been killed.

https://electronicintifada.net/content/month-pictures-september-2016/18146
"The masterfully crafted artwork stimulate a range of feelings, from anger to despair to hope.

And the artist? A 15-year-old boy from Gaza with no formal art education or access to proper supplies."
Israeli authorities are directly enabling the largest ever private illegal settlement compound in occupied East Jerusalem.

Learn more about Israel's illegal settlements here: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/campaigns/settlements/
Israeli forces have once again opened fire at Palestinian fishermen off the coast of the besieged Gaza Strip, and arrested two.

#StopArmingIsrael
"Meanwhile in April, Palestinian residents of Jalud reported that Israeli authorities delivered notices alerting them that 5,000 dunams (1,250 acres) of private land were slated for confiscation."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773464
"Israeli forces fired live ammunition, tear gas canisters, and flares at protesters gathered at the border fence from approximately 2:30 p.m. until sunset"

http://www.dci-palestine.org/israeli_forces_kill_child_with_flare_in_gaza
Activists for justice for Palestinians are increasingly being interrogated and deported by Israeli authorities on arrival to Israel.
Activists from the Women's Boat to Gaza are being deported, after their boat was intercepted in international waters by Israeli forces.

Hewlett Packard (HP) provide the technology Israeli forces use to enforce the illegal naval blockade of Gaza.

Take action now - sign the pledge to Stop HP: http://stophp.uk
"The draconian nature of administrative detention [imprisonment without charge or trial] is exacerbated by the virtual impossibility of appeal against it.

"With other options closed, Omar decided to embark on a hunger strike 10 days after his latest imprisonment. The tactic appears to have been effective."
Far-right Israeli government minister Naftali Bennett has called on his supporters to give their lives to ensure the occupied West Bank is annexed by Israel. 

Education minister Bennett has previously boasted, "Ive killed many Arabs in my life, and theres no problem with that".
The Palestinian Bedouin village of al-Araqib has been demolished by Israeli forces for the 104th time.

Aziz al-Touri, an al-Araqib resident said that such assaults only "increase our determination to stay on our land".
The Women's Boat to Gaza was intercepted on Wednesday in international waters by Israeli forces. The humanitarian flotilla aimed to break Israel's criminal siege of Gaza.
HP profits from Israel's illegal settlements.

Sign the pledge to #StopHP - http://stophp.uk/
Thanks to Thurston Moore (formerly of Sonic Youth), who took some time out from the studio to endorse the #Freeabusakha campaign.

Mohammed Abu Sakha, a Palestinian circus performer, has been imprisoned by Israeli authorities without charge or trial.

Around 700 Palestinians, including Abu Sakha, are held indefinitely under "administrative detention", based on undisclosed evidence.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign (IPSC) has had its bank accounts closed by the Bank of Ireland. 

Last year the Palestine Solidarity Campaign UK's account was also shut, by the Co-operative Bank.

Kevin Squires, the IPSC's co-ordinator said, "its hard to not view this as part of a wider campaign which has seen banks close accounts in the UK, Austria and France".
The U.S. is furious at Israel's plan for a new illegal settlement. And they're letting the world know.
Pink Floyd have reunited- to support the Women's Boat to Gaza, which was intercepted in international waters by Israeli forces on Wednesday night and the crew arrested.

The band wrote on their Facebook page: "David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Roger Waters stand united in support of the Women of the Gaza Freedom Flotilla, and deplore their illegal arrest and detention in international waters by the Israeli Defense Force".
Prof. Kamel Hawwash writes about Israel's "educational blackmail".
"Dear African-American brothers and sisters,

I am not black. But like you, I am not white.

I do not have the history of slavery you carry like a weight on your back from the day you are born. My ancestors werent shipped in chains from Africa to the Americas through the Atlantic to work under slave owners. But in 1948, Zionist militias did drive them out of their homes to refugee camps in an infamous event called the Nakba, obliterating many of our villages and towns."
Israel launched airstrikes on Gaza. Why is no one talking about it? #GazaUnderAttack
The US said that Israel's plan to construct yet more illegal settlements "is another step toward cementing a one-state reality of perpetual occupation", two weeks after they agreed a $38 billion military aid package to Israel over the next ten years.
A team of leading British music executives are backing the first ever Palestine Music Expo, taking place in Ramallah, Haifa and Jerusalem in April 2017.

"Starting out on this journey I have been thrilled by the interest, sympathy and broad based support for Palestinian musicians from artists and professionals, right across the industry," said Martin Goldschmidt, who has developed the plans.
Israeli forces detained 450 Palestinians in September.

The youngest was just 12 years old.
Watch Remi Kanazi read a poem written by Dareen Tatour from prison.
"Abdel-Rahman al-Dabbagh, 15, was struck in the forehead above his left eye around 7 p.m. on September 9 with an illumination flare cartridge that ignited, setting him on fire and killing him."
Forty Palestinians were detained in raids by Israeli forces on Wednesday night, including at least eleven children.

Mass detention is a key aspect of Israel's matrix of control.
PHOTO: Israeli occupation forces arrest Palestinian man in Hebron https://electronicintifada.net/content/month-pictures-september-2016/18146
If youre listening to this, then you will know that myself and all the women who sailed on the Womens Boat to Gaza have been arrested and are in detention in Israel,

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/nora-barrows-friedman/israel-intercepts-womens-boat-gaza
Review of Ghassan Zaqtan's 'Describing the Past'.

"The overall experience of reading this novella is one of a taut, perfect object, beautifully crafted (and translated by Samuel Wilder). Little is clear and there are few answers, but the ultimate impression is one of controlled gorgeousness."
"The Dutch-registered vessel was carrying 13 activists headed by Mairead Maguire, an Irish Nobel peace prize laureate. A retired US colonel and a former South African Olympic athlete were also on board, along with women from the UK, Sweden, Russia and Malaysia."

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/05/israel-intercepts-protest-vessel-trying-to-break-naval-blockade-of-gaza?CMP=twt_gu
FOA Video: Palestinian children are subject to torment and persecution when they are abducted 

https://www.facebook.com/foapeaceinpalestine/videos/10154382767805269/
"This latest episode must be seen in its broader context: a perfect storm of UK government interests along with the Israeli governments step-up in attacks on the BDS movement calling internationally for people to boycott, divest, and lobby for sanctions on companies complicit in Israels oppression of the Palestinians. Its not the first time that these interests have converged, and the result is a devastating blow on democracy and human rights."

http://www.middleeasteye.net/columns/thatcherism-returns-uk-government-s-ban-divestment-758302181
It is expected that the Israeli navy will now be telling the boats Captain, US Army Colonel Ann Wright, to turn around before the Zaytouna enters Gazas Israeli occupied water and risks being intercepted by the navy and its crew detained.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161005-breaking-reports-israel-stops-womens-boat-to-gaza/
Join us on Tuesday the 15th of November from 12pm-6pm for our National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine.

The most powerful way to let your MP know you care about Palestine is to ask them to meet you to discuss it. On Tuesday the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day to ask them to take action against Israel illegal settlements. By doing this together, it shows MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the country who care about Palestine.

We need you to join the lobby. To arrange a meeting with your MP, please use the e-tool on this page: http://act.palestinecampaign.org/lobby/parliament2016
Latest news, from a few minutes ago from the Women's Boat To Gaza:

While we're getting closer to Gaza, Israel is dropping bombs on civilian population. Not injured reported. Resist sisters! #LetFFlotillaSail 

https://twitter.com/GazaFFlotilla 


https://twitter.com/GazaFFlotilla/status/783650780939218944
Detailed information on Palestinians and Israelis killed in the last year.
Alia's family are from Gaza.

Watch her testimony of life as a student in the UK.

This short film is the first in a series of three.
Wonderful images from Gaza.
Anas Ibrahim Shadid and Ahmad Abu Farah are 9 days into a hunger strike in protest at being held without charge or trial.

700 Palestinian prisoners are held under administrative detention by Israel, based on undisclosed evidence.
Israeli forces are preparing to intercept two boats heading to break the criminal siege of Gaza.

The boats, whose crews are all women, are expected to arrive in Gaza by Thursday if they are not impeded.

Israeli TV reported that naval gunships await the humanitarian flotilla.
Fayez Attar, 65, was detained by Israeli forces in June. 

Over the course of 33 days, he was tortured and beaten, according to a lawyer for the Palestinian Prisoner's Society. 

One of Attar's nine children was previously killed by Israeli forces.
More than a third of Palestinians detained by Israeli forces in occupied Jerusalem in the last year were children.
Four winners were announced at an awards ceremony for a short-film competition held by the Gaza Municipality in Gaza City on Saturday.

See the full story here: https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161003-filming-gazas-competitive-environment/
"God gave me this land", said one of the settlers who took over the home of the al-Kurd family in occupied East Jerusalem.
"To the creators of the Norwegian National Apology Artistic Video,

We, the undersigned Palestinian performing arts organizations and cultural centers, salute your creative solidarity gesture with the struggle for Palestinian rights under international law.

Your video art work, which imagines the National Theater of Norway apologizing for its collaboration with Israels national theater, Habima, exposes Habimas reality as an institution that is deeply involved in whitewashing and justifying the crimes of Israels regime against the Palestinian people.

You have also brilliantly highlighted the ethical obligation of cultural institutions and cultural workers worldwide to end their complicity in Israels occupation and apartheid, as was done against the apartheid regime in South Africa."
Almost two-thirds of Israeli citizens believe that there will never be a peace agreement between Israel and Palestinians.
Israeli authorities announced that Muslims will not be allowed access to the Ibrahimi Mosque in occupied Hebron for six days during the upcoming Jewish holidays.
Malik al-Qadi returned home on Sunday after conducting a 68-day hunger strike in Israeli custody. Hundreds of friends, family members and supporters gathered to celebrate his return.
Another 98 houses in illegal settlements have been approved by Israeli authorities, just two weeks after the US announced the completion of a $38 billion military aid deal with Israel.
Israeli authorities have imposed a "general closure" on all travel between the besieged Gaza Strip and Israel, and between the occupied West Bank and Israel, over the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah.
HP enables racial segregation at Israel's checkpoints.

Sign the pledge to #StopHP - http://stophp.uk
Since the beginning of a new deadly phase of confrontation between Palestinians and Israeli forces in October 2015, more than 250 Palestinians, and 30 Israelis have been killed.

Amnesty said that Israeli forces had displayed a "pattern of unlawful killings", including using "intentional lethal force against Palestinians who were not, or were no longer, posing an imminent threat to the lives of Israeli soldiers, police or civilians".
'Off Frame AKA Revolution Until Victory' is a new Palestinian documentary, based on archive footage from the Palestinian struggle for liberation in the 1960s and 70s.

"Palestinians really managed to create an image, a hybrid image, a cinematic image, of people in struggle", said director Mohanad Yaqubi.

"Thats the difference between a victim and [being] oppressed. A victim sits down and waits until somebody will come and open for him the checkpoint, and [the] oppressed will go out to tell the story, to try to communicate".
"Kadmans book, a product of visits to the sites of 230 former villages and extensive archival work, traces the points at which the expulsion of 750,000 Palestinians in 1948 was submerged and normalized, until this massive break in the countrys history became almost imperceptible to younger generations of Israelis. "

http://972mag.com/how-we-learned-to-forget-the-villages-we-destroyed/122370/
Meanwhile in April, Palestinian residents of Jalud reported that Israeli authorities delivered notices to the alerting them that 5,000 dunams (1,250 acres) of private land were slated for confiscation.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773375
Land grab involves more systematic, institutionalised practices Israel uses in order to change the classification and use of West Bank land. This allows Israel to expropriate possession and use of this land from Palestinian residents, in order to serve Israeli interests, the report said.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160930-report-lays-out-israeli-methods-of-land-takeover-in-west-bank/
"Palestinians killed by Israeli armed forces are rarely humanised in the West. In the media, their deaths merit  at best  a couple of paragraphs that always includes the Israeli military spokespersons version of events (and often only their version). And then everyone moves on."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20161001-a-year-of-revolt-who-were-the-palestinians-killed-by-israeli-forces/
"Earlier this year Israel adopted a so-called transparency law forcing human rights groups to reveal foreign government funding. Critics say the law is meant to brand human rights groups as illegitimate and chill criticism of Israels record"

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/israelis-seek-uncover-governments-secret-war-against-bds
"The Palestinian citizens who were shot dead by Israeli police during the October 2000 events were killed as a result of the Israeli "mentality of war, occupation, and racism, Baraka said, during visits organized by the committee to burial sites of the slain Palestinians."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773368
Weekly photos of Palestinian life and Israeli occupation in the West Bank city of Hebron.

http://alternativenews.org/index.php/comment/215-occupation-captured
"And of course to build these settlements Palestinians are removed: their farm lands confiscated, their houses demolished  according to UN OCHA 769 Palestinian structures (homes, animal shelters, community centres) have been demolished this year (thats already exceeded the amount demolished in the whole of last year  the biweekly average of demolitions this year is 24, last year it was 11."

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/psc-un-human-rights-counil/
In the 1970s, as Minister of Defense, Peres was a key figure in the start of Israel's illegal settlement enterprise in the occupied Palestinian territories, overseeing the establishment of some of the first settlements in the West Bank.

http://imeu.org/article/quick-facts-shimon-peres
"By obstructing access to labor courts, Israel is working to further marginalize Palestinian and foreign workers by depriving them of one important venue to make their voices heard."

http://972mag.com/denying-palestinian-laborers-access-to-justice/122319/
National Lobby of Parliament for Palestine
Tuesday 15 November 2016

The most powerful way to let your MP know you care about Palestine is to ask them to meet you to discuss it. On the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day. By doing this together, it shows MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the county who care about Palestine.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
"Jibril Rajoub, the head of the Palestine Football Association, countered that clubs in illegal settlements "must be stopped and Israel must be held to account".

"It is time to raise a red card to Israel, which does not respect international or FIFA laws," he added."

http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/fifa-urged-stop-israel-playing-football-illegal-settlements-1651900422
New guidance issued to local authorities on how they can invest their pensions, states that using pension policies to pursue boycotts, divestment and sanctions against foreign nations and UK defence industries are inappropriate, making clear that even when arms companies are complicit in human rights abuse, the government wont sanction them and it will ban pension holders from doing so too.

http://www.waronwant.org/media/%E2%80%98arrogant-anti-democratic%E2%80%99-government-ignores-results-its-own-consultation#.V-5IQp01h3s.facebook
"Celtic fans have raised more than 172,000 since the UEFA charge as they look to raise money for Palestinian charities in a 'match the fine' campaign."

http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/sport/football/football-news/celtic-hit-8615-fine-uefa-8932341
Israeli forces routinely misuse crowd-control weapons causing serious and fatal injuries to Palestinian children, said Ayed Abu Eqtaish, Accountability Program director at DCIP.

http://www.dci-palestine.org/israeli_forces_shoot_rubber_coated_bullet_at_boy_s_head
"It would perhaps be appropriate to speak of a Palestinian rejection of the style of politics with which Peress career was so tied  a style which speaks the language of universalism while promoting exclusivism; a style which holds out the hand of peace while simultaneously extending a clenched fist; a style which acknowledges Palestinian rights, but which does so in a way that is conditional, contingent and subject to the dictates of Israeli politicians."

http://972mag.com/a-palestinian-perspective-on-the-legacy-of-shimon-peres/122291/
"Sixteen Palestinians, including a number of children, were left homeless on Tuesday after bulldozers escorted by Israeli police and Jerusalem municipality inspectors demolished two houses in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of al-Tur in the middle of the night"

http://mondoweiss.net/2016/09/classroom-restaurant-demolitions/
Hewlett Packard: Harms Palestinians - Day of Action

For decades, HP has profited from Israels apartheid system. Checkpoints. Biometric ID cards. Surveillance databases. We need to hit them where it hurts.

Join us, on 29 November, the international day of solidarity with the Palestinian people, to make sure that attendees who step foot into the fair are under no illusions about how HP tracks and surveils Palestinians.

Like and share please!

https://www.facebook.com/events/235165616886649/
"In response to the endless skirmishes between Hizballah and the Israeli army in southern Lebanon, where Hizballah and other groups resisted the Israeli occupation that began in 1982 until they drove it out in 2000, Peres ordered the bombing of the whole area in April 1996.

During what Israel dubbed Operation Grapes of Wrath, Israeli shelling killed more than 100 people  civilians fleeing bombardment and UN peacekeepers from Fiji  near the village of Qana."

https://electronicintifada.net/content/shimon-peres-perspective-his-victims/18096
We're citizens of the world asking The Chemical Brothers to heed the Palestinian call to boycott Israel until it complies with international law and ends its apartheid regime, and cancel their concert in Israel on November 12th.

https://www.facebook.com/chembrosboycottIsrael/
"Among the demolished structures, seven residential structures, four water cisterns, three latrines, four animal structures, and a classroom. At least, six structures were donor-funded structures.

As a result, 41 people, including 18 children, were displaced and 63 people, including 27 children, were otherwise affected."

http://www.ochaopt.org/content/33-structures-demolished-past-three-days-multiple-incidents
"In early June, during the month of Ramadan, the Israeli water company, Mekorot, cut back water supply to several Palestinian communities in the northern West Bank, including the village of Salem, which is located east of Nablus and has a population of about 5,000. These communities suffered from an acute water shortage throughout the summer, and continue to suffer from it today."

https://youtu.be/e7Xv8JJdvSA
"Owner of one of the homes Imad Jaber told Maan he was forced to rent a bulldozer to demolish his house, after receiving an order from the municipality."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773339
If you're in the London area, don't miss this screening of Where Should The Birds Fly, the first film made by Palestinians living under siege in Gaza.

The free screening on Thursday 6th October in Richmond is followed by a talk from Dr Tania Mathias, MP for Twickenham, about her time with the UN in Gaza.
"Human Rights Watchs extensive investigation into the six Israeli settlement football clubs finds that their playing fields are built on land seized from Palestinian families and villages.

The land is now off-limits to Palestinians, depriving them of land for agriculture, let alone football."

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/charlotte-silver/how-fifa-profits-israels-crimes
"In 2014, during an unprecedented bombardment of Gaza, Peres stepped up once again to whitewash war crimes. After Israeli forces killed four small children playing on a beach, Peres knew who to blame  the Palestinians: It was an area that we warned would be bombed, he said. And unfortunately they didnt take out the children."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160928-shimon-peres-israeli-war-criminal-whose-victims-the-west-ignored/
"Sixteen Palestinians, including a number of children, were left homeless on Tuesday after bulldozers escorted by Israeli police and Jerusalem municipality inspectors demolished two houses in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of al-Tur in the middle of the night."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773314
Saffuriya was one of more than 500 Palestinian villages ethnically cleansed by Israel in 1948, during the Nakba.

Journalist Jonathan Cook explains how Israel quickly acted to raze the villages so the 750,000 refugees could not return and then covered up these war crimes by planting forests over the ruins.
"Its not a choice. I have to go... For me, its a question of duty. I am not going to represent my party. I am going as an international activist and a female politician."
"Cigdem Topcuoglu is a survivor of the attack on the Mavi Marmara flotilla in May 2010, during which her husband was shot in the head and killed by Israeli commandos. Amazingly, she is also the latest activist to join the Womens Boat to Gaza attempt to break the Israeli-led siege of the coastal enclave."
Review of PSC Patron Salman Abu Sitta's book 'Mapping My Return', by Dr Daud Abdullah: "This is a book that should be a mandatory study for young Palestinians and all those who believe in the justice of their cause and their right to return".
What is administrative detention, under which 700 Palestinians are currently held in Israeli prisons? Watch this video to find out.
Palestinian prisoner Mohammad Balboul is slowly regaining his eyesight after ending a 77-day hunger strike. 

Balboul, 26, was on hunger strike in protest at being held by Israel under administrative detention- imprisonment without charge or trial.
Follow the link to sign the pledge to Stop Hewlett Packard (HP), who profit from Israel's oppression of Palestinians. 

"Until HP ends its complicity in the illegal Israeli occupation I will make this pledge: I pledge not to buy Hewlett Packard products, such as printers, computers and ink, because I refuse to be complicit in the oppression and occupation of the Palestinians."
Palestinian prisoners launched a three-day hunger strike in protest at the death of Yasir Thiab Hamduna on Sunday, accusing Israel of years of medical neglect.

Human rights group Addameer said earlier this year that Israeli prison authorities had "adopted a policy of deliberate medical neglect against prisoners and detainees".
Is Facebook blocking Palestinian media from sharing their views on the platform? Activists say so and are asking for a boycott with #FBCensorsPalestine
Nadia al-Bakri, 52, a women's rights activist, has been prevented by Israeli forces from leaving the besieged Gaza Strip for cancer treatment. 

Israel's near ten year siege of Gaza means the 1.8 million Palestinians there are unable to access adequate medical care.
"The contrast between the democratic rights of Jewish citizens of Israel on either side of the Green Line and Palestinians on either side of the same line could not be starker." - Prof. Kamel Hawwash
In the US, students campaigning for Palestinian rights are facing increasingly vicious attacks from pro-Israel groups.

"Especially in educational institutions, it is essential to recognize outside organizations whose goal is to interfere with the mission and ethos of education, and who seek to silence, smear and intimidate those with whom they disagree."
"Palestinian journalists imprisoned by Israel went on a one-day hunger strike on Monday to mark the Day of Solidarity with Palestinian Journalists, as 24 of them remained behind bars."
What are Israel's illegal settlements?

Watch this 3-minute explainer from Ben White.
Donald Trump told Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu that he would recognise Jerusalem as Israel's "undivided" capital if elected president, in defiance of the international consensus that Jerusalem will be the shared capital of a future Palestinian state.
Congratulations to students at one of Chile's oldest universities, the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile (UC), who have voted to endorse the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement for Palestinian rights. The UC is one of Latin America's most well-known educational institutions.
Palestinians in Beita in the occupied West Bank held a pray-in on Friday to protest the blockade of their village by Israeli forces.

See more: http://972mag.com/photos-palestinians-hold-pray-in-to-protest-road-closures/122197/

Photo: Ahmad Al-Bazz / Activestills
Football's governing body FIFA is being urged to kick out six Israeli clubs based in illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank.

Human Rights Watch point out that that these clubs' playing grounds are "built on land that has been unlawfully taken from Palestinians".
Yasser Dhiab Hamdouna, 40, died on Sunday after suffering a stroke in an Israeli prison, having been denied urgent medical care.
More than 1,000 Palestinian children have been detained by Israeli forces in 2016, according to the Palestinian Committee of Prisoners' Affairs.
A packed room for our fringe with the New Statesman at the Labour Party Conference.

A brilliant panel including Richard Howitt MEP, Diane Abbott MP, Hugh Lanning, Professor Manuel Hassassian and Andy Slaughter MP.
Video: Ben White on Settlements

Today, there are well over 200 settlements across the Palestinian Territories, not including those removed from the Gaza Strip in 2005. Some settlements are major cities, while others are small outposts  all together, the settler population is now more than 600,000.

https://youtu.be/15wc19Pe9YY
You cant build peace with concrete  why ending our relationships with Israels illegal settlements is the key

PSC & New Statesman Fringe at Labour Conference

Monday 26 September 12noon Liverpool

Speakers:
Andy Slaughter MP
Richard Howitt MEP
Diane Abbott MP 
Prof Karma Nabulsi, Oxford University
Prof Manuel Hassassian, Palestinian Ambassador
Hugh Lanning, Chairman, Palestine Solidarity Campaign

http://www.newstatesman.com/2016/09/you-can-t-build-peace-concrete-why-ending-our-relationships-israel-s-illegal-settlements-key
"On Friday, administrators for the Facebook pages of Quds, which has more than five million likes, and Shehab News Agency, which has more than six million, found they could not access their accounts."

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/facebook-apologizes-disabling-palestinian-journalists-accounts
"The exhibition, designed for visitors to experience what it is like to cross a checkpoint everyday, was intended to explore how we break down the walls that divide us so no one lives in fear". It was the result of a church members recent visit to the region as a volunteer."

http://www.middleeasteye.net/columns/how-one-churchs-attempt-explain-palestinian-situation-set-storm-967344453
Hewlett Packard (HP), one of the worlds largest IT companies, is one of the main suppliers of IT systems equipment and services to the Israeli military and security sectors, and to some settlements.

So HP plays a key role in the occupation and the violation of Palestinian rights. Stop HP is part of an international response to the Palestinian civil society call to action.

The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement calls for nonviolent resistance to Israel's occupation and apartheid. For more information: http://stophp.uk

https://www.facebook.com/HarmsPalestinians/videos/495623220627430/
"In several cases, according to the group, children did not pose a direct, mortal threat at the time they were killed, suggesting that Israeli forces are implementing a shoot-to-kill policy."

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/maureen-clare-murphy/four-palestinian-children-killed-five-days
"Only this week, at two in the morning, did over 10 army jeeps raid the village Bilin in the West Bank, where they confiscated computers and telephones, barging into dozens of homes."

http://972mag.com/netanyahu-at-the-un-frozen-bodies-blatant-lies-and-imaginary-children/122156/
PSC are hosting a fringe event at the Labour Party Conference on Monday 26th at 12pm in the New Statesman hub in Liverpool.
"The spokesperson could not specify which riot dispersal means were used, but confirmed the use of live fire east of Gaza City when a number of Palestinians breached the buffer zone close to the border.
Palestinians often come under fire from military forces near the buffer zone between the Palestinian enclave and Israel, as the Israeli military has not made clear the precise area of the designated zone."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773275
"The Israeli settlers, led by the extremist Jewish activist Penzi Gopstein, attacked the gathering which was organised inside a hall on Thursday night whilst chanting anti-Christian slogans and insults."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160924-extremist-jewish-settlers-attack-christians-in-jerusalem/#.V-aLItmz28g.facebook
"The article cites one example where two Palestinians were set upon by a group of Jewish teenagers after their accent reveals that[they] are Arabs. While one managed to flee, the second Palestinian youth fell and suffer[ed] a barrage of fists and kicks.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160922-far-right-jewish-group-attacking-palestinians-in-jerusalem-with-impunity/
The only power plant in the Gaza strip will be closed until next Tuesday due to fuel shortages.

Even at full capacity, Egyptian and Israeli electricity grids, together with Gaza's sole power plant, fail to cover the Gaza Strips energy needs and only provide energy to Gazas inhabitants for eight hours each day.

The power plant has not run at full capacity in years, with Israel's crippling blockade severely limiting fuel imports into the coastal enclave.
Disturbing photos of at least five members of the Israeli forces beating a Palestinian man in the street in Herbon in the occupied West Bank.

In one photograph, a soldier is shown holding the mans head down while another kicks him.

A different picture shows a uniformed man pinning him to the ground with his knee on his head. A soldier is also captured grabbing the Palestinian by the throat

According to the Israeli forces, the incident was part of a security check in the area.
"One of the most powerful tools available to activists recently has been the relative ease in accessing news that bypasses traditional gatekeepers of information, such as mainstream newspaper editors and corporate television producers. Social media, independent news outlets, and citizen journalists have effective forums of communication with the world."

http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2016/09/women-flotilla-gaza-mere-symbolism-160920091929127.html
"IAW has become a global phenomenon, with events and activities that raise awareness of, and mobilise opposition to, Israels systematic violations of international law."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160922-will-israels-friends-try-to-ban-israeli-apartheid-week/
Israeli forces opened fire at Gazan fishermen on Thursday morning.

Witnesses told Maan that Israeli gun boats "attacked" several fishing boats off the coast of the al-Sudaniyya area in the northern Gaza Strip and attempted to sink some of them.

The Israeli army regularly open fires on Palestinian fishermen and farmers along the border areas, despite a ceasefire agreement that ended the 2014 war.

The practice has in effect destroyed much of the agricultural and fishing sectors of the blockaded coastal enclave.
Join us on Tuesday 15th of November 2016 for our national lobby of Parliament for Palestine

The most powerful way to let your MP know you care about Palestine is to ask them to meet you to discuss it. On the 15th of November, people from around the UK will arrange to meet their MPs in Parliament on the same day. By doing this together, it shows MPs that there are a huge number of people all across the county who care about Palestine.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/2016lobby/
Citizens of the world are asking The Chemical Brothers to heed the Palestinian call to boycott Israel until it complies with international law and ends its apartheid regime, and cancel their concert in Israel on November 12th. 

https://www.facebook.com/chembrosboycottIsrael/?notif_t=fbpage_fan_invite&notif_id=1474550762035722
For nearly seventy years, Israel has denied Palestinians their fundamental rights and has refused to comply with international law.

Israel maintains a regime of of settler colonialism, apartheid and occupation over the Palestinian people. This is only possible because of international support. Governments fail to hold Israel to account, while corporations and institutions across the world help Israel to oppress Palestinians.

Because those in power refuse to act to stop this injustice, Palestinian civil society has called for a global citizens response of solidarity with the Palestinian struggle for freedom, justice and equality.

https://bdsmovement.net/what-is-bds
"A young Palestinian girl delivered a speech on behalf of the children, in which she called on the world to protect Palestinian children and fight ignorance, poverty, and hunger.
The International Day of Peace was first declared by the United Nations in 1981, and has been observed every year on Sept. 21 since."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773251
The US embassy has sent wine produced in illegal Israeli settlements to anti-settlement organisations as a gift.

"Settlement goods, including wines, have been the target of boycotts both inside and outside Israel over the past several years. Vinters in the West Bank have reported an increasingly difficult time selling their products as a result of the growing movement to boycott Israeli products, which was bolstered late last year after the European Union passed a set of guidelines to accurately label the origins of Israeli goods produced beyond the Green Line. "
Last day today of: "You cannot pass today" 

Life through a dividing wall

19th-23rd September, 11.30-8.00pm
at Hinde Street Methodist Church

Experience what it is like to cross a checkpoint everyday

Explore how we an break down the walls that divide
us so no one lives in fear

Photographs by Peter Morgan

www.facebook.com/youcannotpasstoday

http://www.hindestreet.org.uk/exhibition-you-cannot-pass-today.html
"Palestinian prisoners told al-Sheikh that they have also been also denied taking breaks at the prisons courtyard. The prisoners also complained of inedible food being served inside the prison, saying it is served cold, that they could not identify its ingredients, and that the bread is mostly rotten.
Palestinian prisoners also reported they were being forced to bathe in large groups in the same shower without curtains for five minutes only, leading some prisoners to refuse taking showers all together.
Many prisoners have reported suffering from skin disorders due to the poor conditions of the prison and lack of adequate health care. They told the lawyer that the only medical treatment being provided were Acamol pills."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773261
"For a younger generation, it represents something many have never fully experienced but desperately yearn  a true sense of belonging. At a time when the Palestinian identity hangs by a thread, the continued practice of traditional hand-stitched embroidery is both a statement of existence and an act of resistance."

http://eluxemagazine.com/fashion/palestinian-embroidery/
Members of the Palestine's national beach soccer team were banned from travelling to an international tournament on Wednesday by Israeli authorities, a Palestinian athletic official reported.

https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english/blog/2016/9/22/palestinian-beach-football-team-barred-from-travel-by-israel
"Palestinian activist Issa Amro, who has been recognized as a human rights defender by the European Union and the United Nations, is facing an Israeli military trial on September 25. Mr. Amros case is an example of widespread targeting of human rights activists using old and exaggerated charges in a military court system whose conviction rate for Palestinians is over 99%. https://actionsprout.io/9BD5E9/initial"

https://www.facebook.com/JewishVoiceforPeace/videos/10155224089724992/
"Tarayrah was killed in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron and his death raises the number of the Palestinians who were killed from this Palestinian city alone to 77, including 47 executions. Four of the deaths were from Tarayrah family"

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160921-israel-has-killed-103-palestinians-since-start-of-2016/
A total of 36 members of Balad have now been detained, including party officials and activists.

The movement, which represents Palestinians living in Israel, is especially critical of Israeli policy. It has denounced the probe as an attempt to silence Israel's Arab minority.

https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english/news/2016/9/21/israeli-crackdown-intensifies-against-palestinian-political-party
A secret document has revealed that Israeli officials have admitted to violations of the Geneva Conventions in Occupied Palestine.

The documents date back to 1967 and 1968, shortly after Israel begun a now 49-year-old military occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.

The documents show how the Israeli government planned how to avoid being labeled as the occupier of Palestine, explicitly admitting that this was for strategic reasons to avoid criticism.
"Mr Obama's efforts to bring about an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement have failed over the nearly eight years he has been in the White House"

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/barack-obama-israel-palestine-comments-occupation-settlements-cannot-be-permanent-a7319956.html?cmpid=facebook-post
75% of Palestinian children interviewed reported enduring physical violence by Israeli forces after being arrested.

https://www.facebook.com/theIMEU/videos/1377543508929227/
Settlements are illegal  a fact already accepted by our government[v]. It is now a question of applying the law. If the issue of illegality in question was one of money-laundering or drug dealing  then complicity would be viewed as conspiring with the crime. And so it should be with settlements.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/israels-weapon-mass-construction/
Tonight 7pm in Newcastle

Sahar Vardi is a Jerusalem-based activist. She publicly refused her Israeli military service and was imprisoned in 2008. Since then she has been active with Israeli anti-militarist groups such as New Profile and today works as the Israel Program Coordinator for the American Friends Service Committee based in Jerusalem. 

Sahar is part of Boycott from Within (a group of Israelis supporting the Palestinian call for boycott) and has been active with direct action groups such as Taayush and Anarchists Against the Wall. Today much of her activism is in Jerusalem in Palestinian lead struggles against house demolitions, child arrests and discrimination of East Jerusalem. 

https://www.facebook.com/events/280621622320966/
"Israel set up six soccer clubs on stolen Palestinian land. The illegal outposts are an obstacle to peace and are condemned by everyone from the European Union to the USA. Palestinians arent allowed into the stadiums, let alone allowed to play football there! Now, FIFA is investigating whether these teams should be allowed to participate in international football -- let's demand the decision helps pave the way for equality.  "

https://secure.avaaz.org/en/red_card_occupation_full/?fHfwCbb&pv=98
UC Berkeley has reinstated a student-led class on the history of Palestine suspended on 13 September, following sustained outcry by students, members of faculty, lawyers and supporters of campus free speech and academic freedom.

More than 40 off-campus Israel-aligned groups had pressured the university to censor the class claiming it was a venue for 'political indoctrination''. There are indications that an Israeli government official and the heads of Israeli universities also acted to pressure the Berkeley administration.
On the 24th of July 2014, Manar al-Shenbari was taking shelter at a UN-funded school in the Gaza Strip when the Israeli military shelled it. Her mother, sister and two brothers were among the 11 people killed that day.

There were bodies on the ground, people screaming, she said. And lots of blood on my body. Those are the only things I can remember from that day. It was like a nightmare. I lost consciousness and woke up in hospital.

Now ages, 17, lost both her legs in the attack. She is now studying journalism, and told the Electronic Intifada:

Every night before I go to sleep, I take off my artificial limbs, look at my half body and then close my eyes, she said. I imagine being the first journalist in Gaza with only half a body. I want to fight Israel by reporting what is happening. That is how I imagine taking revenge for what the Israelis did to my body and to my family.
Israeli forces shot a 13-year-old Palestinian girl in the legs at a checkpoint in the occupied West Bank near the illegal Israeli settlement of Alfei Manashe on Wednesday morning. 

The Israeli media have reported the incident as an 'attempted stabbing attack' although a statement from the Israeli forces claims that they found no explosives or weapons after searching the girl's bag.
The Palestine Solidarity Campaign sends a warm message of solidarity to the demonstration taking place this afternoon in Nazareth. Those protesting today are standing up against the imprisonment of the members of the National Democratic Assembly.

We are shocked and appalled to hear of the political detention of the 20 members of the National Democratic Assembly - Tajamoa - by the Israeli State authorities. We call for the immediate and unconditional release of all those detained and the dropping of all fabricated charges. This action is a clear attack on the democratic rights of Palestinian citizens of Israel to express their political opinions and to challenge the discriminatory policies and practices of the Israeli state.  

All citizens should have full and equal rights. This includes the right of assembly and freedom of political association and expression.  All attempts to silence the voices of Palestinian people should end. 

We stand with the Arab Higher Committee, the Joint List, Tajamoa and all those struggling for the rights of the Palestinian people including those living inside Israel.
"Israeli military incursions inside the besieged Gaza Strip and near the buffer zone" which lies on both land and sea sides of Gaza, have long been a near-daily occurrence."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773222
"It's not just the high-profile leaders of the Palestinian community inside Israel who have found themselves targeted. There is also a routine harassment of campaigners and activists by Shin Bet and the police, including interrogations and house arrests."

https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english//Comment/2016/9/19/Balad-arrests-wont-be-the-last-in-Israels-ethnocracy
On Friday we launched our campaign against Israel's illegal settlements.

We've produced a new introductory factsheet on settlements for you to use to talk to people about the campaign. The factsheet explains, in basic terms, what settlements are, why they are harmful and what can be done to stop them.
"A UN report weighing the effect of Israeli occupation on the Palestinian economy found that "the Gaza Strip and West Bank, including East Jerusalem, remain under Occupation with tight restrictions on the movement of people and goods; systematic erosion and destruction of the productive base; losses of land, water and other natural resources; a fragmented domestic market and separation from international markets".

The UN report also found that the 26 per cent unemployment rate in the West Bank means that 12 per cent of the employed population in Palestine has to work in the Israeli settlements."

http://www.thenational.ae/world/middle-east/palestinian-mushroom-farm-blighted-by-israeli-occupation
"Preventing Palestinians from accessing their lands and fishing areas violates numerous provisions of international human rights law, including the right to work, the right to an adequate standard of living, and the right to the highest attainable standard of health. Enforcing the buffer zone through the use of live fire often results in, inter alia, the direct targeting of civilians and/or indiscriminate attacks, both of which constitute war crimes."

http://pchrgaza.org/en/?p=8383
Adalah, an organisation which works to promote and defend the rights of Palestinians in Israel and the OPT, has produced a video about Israeli airport security..

https://www.facebook.com/AdalahEnglish/videos/1103130786436635/
"Since Israel is an occupying power, and its settlements are illegal, the inclusion of settlement football teams in Israeli leagues legitimizes their existence, negates the authority of the Palestinian Football Association, and hinders the Palestinian right to self-determination thereby violating Palestinian human rights. Their inclusion also violates FIFAs statutes (Art. 3, 11 (1), 72 (2), 73)."

https://bdsmovement.net/news/palestinians-call-fifa-take-action-israel
Before Firing at a Palestinian, the Israeli Sniper Asked: Where Do You Want to Be Shot?
Four rounds of sniper fire hit Mohammed Amassi, a young Palestinian baker standing on the roof of his home in the Al-Fawwar refugee camp. As he tries now to recover from his wounds, he still remembers the mocking words of the soldier who shot him.

Via. Jewish Voice for Peace
"The Palestinian-Israeli Balad party has condemned the arrests of 20 officials on fraud charges as "political persecution" against the Palestinian minority and its political movements."

https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english/news/2016/9/19/crackdown-against-palestinian-israeli-party-condemned-as-political-persecution
This week marks the 34th anniversary of Palestinian refugee camp Sabra and Shatila massacre in Lebanon when 1,700 Palestinians were killed.

Read the stories of three women who survived the massacre: http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2012/09/2012915163152213255.html

Image by getty via. Middle East Monitor
Last month, Iyad Hamed, a 38-year-old Palestinian with a cognitive impairment, was shot dead by Israeli forces.

Described by his family as shy and quiet, Iyad was on his way to the mosque when he encountered Israeli soldiers, panicked and began to run. As he ran away, Iyad was shot in the back.

"We really hope that justice will be done. We want those who did this to be put on trial and go to prison. The choice they made, to shoot him, is not right. They could have apprehended him," said Iyad's mother, Shukria. "His kids are now orphans. His wife is now a widow. They burned my heart."

An investigation into the incident has been ordered, however no charges have been laid. The Israeli military investigation system rarely punishes soldiers who shoot Palestinians.
'Death amongst the tourists of occupied East Jerusalem.' 

How quickly life returns to normal after a man is shot dead on one of the busy tourist streets in Jerusalem.
A Palestinian woman has been detained by Israeli forces for allegedly carrying a knife. 

Israeli forces have detained a number of Palestinians for allegedly being in possession of knives in recent months following a spate of attacks by Palestinians which has left some 32 Israelis dead since October.

In the same time period, 227 Palestinians have been killed by Israelis, scores of which have been killed at checkpoints during alleged attacks against Israeli soldiers.

While Israel claims many of those were attempting to attack Israelis when they were shot, Palestinians and rights groups have disputed Israel's version of events in a number of cases.
On Friday we launched our campaign against Israel's illegal settlements. 

We've produced a new introductory factsheet on settlements for you to use to talk to people about the campaign. The factsheet explains, in basic terms, what settlements are, why they are harmful and what can be done to stop them.
Israeli forces raided areas of the southern occupied West Bank district of Hebron in the early hours of Sunday morning.

At leave five Palestinians were detained and two others were ordered for interrogation. Israeli forces also seized the car of a Palestinian.

This occurred while reports emerged of Israeli settlers attacking the home of a Palestinian family in the area.
"The participants include Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Maguire (Northern Ireland), Marama Davidson, Green Party MP (New Zealand), and Cigdem Topcuoglu, a professional Turkish athlete and coach who sailed on the Mavi Marmara in 2010 and whose husband was among the 10 activists killed by Israeli forces on that voyage."

http://www.middleeasteye.net/in-depth/features/why-boat-full-women-trying-break-siege-Gaza-solidarity-activism-flotilla-Israel-2052912649
Hewlett Packard, one of the worlds largest IT companies, is one of the main suppliers of IT systems equipment and services to the Israeli military and security sectors, and to some settlements. Hewlett Packard plays a key role in the occupation and the violation of Palestinian rights.

Join us: www.stophp.uk 

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/video-boycott-hewlett-packard-hp/
"According to Ma'an documentation, at least 225 Palestinians have been killed by Israelis and some 32 Israelis have been killed by Palestinians since a wave of unrest first swept across the occupied Palestinian territory and Israel in October."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773168
Between September 16-18, 1982, in the middle of Lebanon's civil war and a few months after Israel's invasion of the country, hundreds of members of the Phalange party - a Lebanese Christian militia - in collaboration with the Israeli army, slaughtered about 2,000 Palestinian refugees, mostly women, children, and the elderly, in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camp located in Beirut.

http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2012/09/2012915163152213255.html
"This act of denial of entry and deportation by the Israeli state and its agencies is part of a systematic policy of denial of entry to international academics, professionals and activists intending to visit Palestine. This policy represents an attack on Palestinian academic freedom, and is routinely practiced at the two entry points, the airport in Tel Aviv and the Jordan valley crossing from Jordan."

http://www.birzeit.edu/en/news/birzeit-university-condemns-denial-entry-uk-academic
Before Firing at a Palestinian, the Israeli Sniper Asked: Where Do You Want to Be Shot?

Four rounds of sniper fire hit Mohammed Amassi, a young Palestinian baker standing on the roof of his home in the Al-Fawwar refugee camp. As he tries now to recover from his wounds, he still remembers the mocking words of the soldier who shot him.

http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.742301 

https://youtu.be/OLuF-oG4xP8
The UK Government calls Israeli settlements illegal and a barrier to peace. And yet in spite of their words, they have taken no action. We are campaigning, with partners in Palestine and the UK, to demand the UK government takes decisive and effective action against Israel in order to stop the continual building of illegal settlements.

Please visit and share the dedicated page on our website: 
https://www.palestinecampaign.org/campaigns/settlements/
According to the UN organisation, the home is part of a larger residential complex comprising nine apartments, eight of which were occupied by Israeli settlers in July 2010, causing the displacement of seven Palestinian households.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160915-palestinian-family-evicted-to-make-way-for-settlers/
Exhibition organiser Katherine Fox, recently returned from monitoring human rights in Bethlehem, said: "Londoners know what it is like to be constantly late for work, miss hospital appointments and get crushed on a lengthy commute through no fault of their own.
"But most are shocked when I tell them the extent of what I witnessed daily at the checkpoint between Jerusalem and Bethlehem.""

http://londonist.com/2016/09/israel-palestine-style-border-to-go-up-in-the-west-end
Saturday 17 September - Celebrate Palestine Day in Southampton

The programme for the day will include a film Where Should the Birds Fly?, a talk by Glyn Secker  a leading member of Jews for Justice for Justice for Palestinians, live Palestinian music, and a further talk and discussion on the idea of a single democratic state by Professor Haim Bresheeth who teaches at SOAS and Salma Karmi-Ayyoub, co-chair of the British legal charity Lawyers for Palestinian Human Rights.

Email pscsoton@gmail.com for more information or join the Facebook event here.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/events/celebrate-palestine-day/
Israeli forces confiscated 1700 toys from Hilana Abu Sharifeh's factory last December. 

"They said it's because the toys incited violence. The dolls are meant to reflect our culture and heritage, nothing else", said Abu Sharifeh.
"My home is my soul".
Muhammad Ahmad Abed al-Fattah al-Sarrahin, 30, died on Thursday after succumbing to wounds suffered when Israeli forces shot him during a raid on his village of Beit Ula in the occupied West Bank.
Chair of Palestine Solidarity Campaign Hugh Lanning writes in the New Statesman:

"When it comes to settlements, we should be clear what we are talking about. Settlements arent little houses built on some deserted prairie. They are towns and cities built deliberately in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem in contravention of international law."

http://www.newstatesman.com/2016/09/israel-s-weapon-mass-construction
"Nir Barkat has proved himself to be a fitting mayor for a city shaped by annexation and occupation."
Israeli doctors are being urged to refuse to force-feed hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners, despite the Israeli Supreme Court decision backing the practice.

The organisation 'Israeli Physicians for Human Rights' have declared that force-feeding hunger strikers is against international declarations and ethics, and can amount to torture.
A Palestinian family have been forced from their home which they have owned for 58 years by the Israeli forces on Thursday in order to make room for the ring-wing settler group Ateret Cohanim.

Mazen Qirrish, the owner of the house reported that Israeli police broke into the house and gave him an eviction order issued by an Israeli court, claiming that Qirrish was no longer a protected tenant.
President Obama has gifted Israel the largest military aid deal in history, $38 billion over the next ten years.

Rebecca Vilkomerson, the executive director of Jewish Voice for Peace, said, increasing the military aid package is rewarding destructive Israeli behavior that violates longstanding official US policy and international law. As a result, the US is effectively underwriting Israels occupation and apartheid policies towards the Palestinians.
Israeli forces carried out several airstrikes on the besieged Gaza strips during predawn hours on Thursday.

No injuries have been reported.

The incident marked the second wave of Israeli shelling to strike the besieged Gaza strip over the past month. A few weeks ago Israeli forces fired missiles into the northern Gaza strip, leaving at least five Palestinians injured.
Israeli forces drove into the Gaza strip on Wednesday morning with bulldozers which they used to 'level lands' near the border.  

Military incursions inside the besieged Gaza Strip have long been a near-daily occurrence.

This practice has in effect destroyed much of the agricultural sector of the blockaded coastal enclave.
Are you in a students group for Palestine? Contact us for a resources pack for freshers week.
More and more children are becoming child laborers as poverty deepens in Gaza.
The USA and Israel are going to sign a deal on Wednesday for a $38 billion military aid package, which will promise Israel the hefty sum in the form of financial assistance and missile defense systems over the course of 10 years. 

This would be the 'US's biggest aid package to any other country in history.'
Israeli forces detained at least four Palestinians in overnight raids across the occupied West Bank on Tuesday night.

After raiding the homes of 16 year old Omar Muhammad Khalil Awad and 22 year old Udayy Issa Abd al-Khaleq al-Zakrawi, a volunteer with the Palestinian Red Crescent emergency medical services, Israeli forces detained the two young men.

These raids happen almost every night across the occupied Palestinian territory and have increased over the summer months.
Chair of the Palestine Solidarity Campaign, Hugh Lanning, writes that "contrary to Israels protestations, BDS is working".

The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement works to end international support for Israel's oppression of Palestinians and pressure Israel to comply with international law.
Earlier this summer, Yara al-Sharabati, 18, was allowed to hug her father for the first time since she was 6. 

"When I walked through the door, I felt free that I could hug him. I suddenly felt like I wanted to run. So I ran to him, and he held me and hugged me".
"Some readers will remember a famous image of Pope Francis making an impromptu prayer at the wall near Bethlehem during his 2014 visit to occupied Palestine. However, the reality is that the wall, as it exists, is illegal according to the now 12-year-old judgement by the International Court of Justice, which has been ignored by Israel and not pursued with sufficient vigour by the Palestinian leadership."
How was your Monday morning commute?
Israeli minister Gilad Erdan characterised hunger strikes by Palestinians as "a new type of suicide terror attack", when campaigning for a law to force-feed them.
Naim Ahmad Ziad Abu Daoud, 17, and Iyad Naim Abu Daoud, 19, are critically injured after they were run over by Israeli forces in the southern occupied West Bank on Monday evening.

Their uncle, Ziad Abu Dauod, an eyewitness to the incident, said that an Israeli military bus "deliberately" ran them over, adding, "We hold the army fully responsible for their lives".
Violations of media freedoms in the occupied Palestinian territory have risen dramatically in August this year.

Israeli forces ransacked and shut down the Palestinian radio station al-Sanabel on 31st August, in one of the most severe violations.
Israeli forces detained 9 Palestinians in predawn raids in the occupied West Bank on Monday. 

The UN says that Israeli forces have carried out a weekly average of 93 night raids since June 2016.
If you're at the TUC conference in Brighton, join us today, Tuesday 13th September at 5.30pm for our Palestine Fringe Meeting. 

Speakers include Hasan Barghouti, Director of the Democracy and Workers Rights Centre in Palestine; Owen Tudor, Head of TUC International Relations Department; and Hugh Lanning, PSC Chair.
Nidal Eshtayeh, a journalist, was shot in the head by Israeli forces with a tear gas canister that broke through his helmet.

The incident took place at a weekly protest in the Palestinian village of Kafr Qaddum in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces also sprayed protestors with "skunk water" - a foul-smelling chemical.

Palestinian journalists are a target for detention, harassment and physical violence by Israeli forces. "More than a week later, my head is still spinning; I am in pain and I cant work", said Eshtayeh.
"If, as Netanyahu claims, "societies that demand ethnic cleansing don't pursue peace", what does that say about Israel, a state founded on the mass expulsion of Palestinians from their homeland in 1948?" - Jonathan Cook.
Sanaa Balboul was allowed to visit her sons Mahmoud and Muhammad on Sunday for the first time since they were detained by Israeli forces in a raid on their home on 9th July. 

The brothers are on hunger strike in protest at being held under administrative detention - internment without charge or trial, based on undisclosed evidence.
The Israeli Supreme Court has decided that the force-feeding of Palestinian hunger strikers is constitutional, according to Israeli law.

Three Palestinians have been on hunger strike for more than 60 days, in protest at being held without charge or trial.

Malik al-Qadi, 25, entered a coma on Saturday.
Abdel-Rahman Al-Dabbagh, 18, was shot in the head and killed by Israeli forces in the besieged Gaza Strip on Friday.

Israeli authorities claimed only tear gas was used.
Muna Haddad of Adalah - The Legal Center For Arab Minority Rights In Israel writes that, "2,251 Palestinians were killed during the 2014 war, most of them civilians, including 299 women and 551 children. More than 18,000 civilian structures were destroyed, including hospitals and essential infrastructure. Despite this unprecedented destruction and human suffering, Israel has failed to file even a single indictment against any military figure for killing or wounding civilians or for destruction of civilian structures."
The removal of Israel's illegal settlements would be "ethnic cleansing", claims Benjamin Netanyahu.
"Even by the standards we have come to expect from Israels armed forces, the circumstances and aftermath of the killing of Mustafa Nimr by Israeli border police in Shuafat refugee camp last Monday take some beating for their sheer cruelty and gall."
Structured as a noir thriller, Love, Theft and other Entanglements is thoroughly infused with an absurdist humour that focuses intelligently on the bitter reality of Palestinian life in Jerusalem.

Screening at the ICA on Thursday 15th September at Safar Festival.
"Over two years have passed since this evil war that devoured everything in Gaza. The only thing it left in the sky was the smoke and the still-present planes." 

Marking two years since the brutal Israeli assault that killed more than 2,200 Palestinians, #GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.
Israeli forces have continued to seal off the villages of Beita, Einabus, Urif, and Huwwara in the occupied West Bank.
The mother of hunger striker Malik al-Qadi was urgently summoned to the hospital where the 25-year-old has reportedly entered a coma.

Al-Qadi, a journalism student, has been on hunger strike for 56 days in protest at being held under administrative detention by Israel - internment without charge or trial based on secret evidence.

Executive Director of the Palestinian Prisoners Society Abdallah al-Zhgari said he feared al-Qadi could die at any moment.
Mohamed Abu-Hashhash, 19, was killed by an Israeli sniper in a refugee camp in the occupied West Bank, despite posing no danger, according to Israeli rights organisation B'Tselem.
Join Hackney Palestine Solidarity Campaign on Monday 12th September for their monthly open meeting.

Theyll be discussing their regular film night and linking up with other branches and organisations on new campaigns.
"Thats part of the difficulty in sourcing products here, Kattan says. Ill give you an example -  we get raisins from a little village called Beit Skaria, and Beit Skaria is a village that is surrounded by a lot of the main Israeli settlements south of Bethlehem. Therefore access to the farmer is very difficult - it depends on whether there is an open checkpoint or a closed checkpoint. "

http://www.middleeasteye.net/in-depth/features/creative-hospitality-bethlehem-800729397
Clearly, there has never been a more important time to lobby FIFA on the subject of Israeli settlement-based football clubs.

http://rcir.takeaction.org.uk/lobby/Infantino
"Palestinian youths still routinely engage in protests near the border with Israel to demand an end to the near decade-long siege on the small coastal enclave, with Israeli forces regularly opening live fire on the demonstrators, resulting in scores of Palestinians being wounded."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773079
"Palestine solidarity groups had presented a petition to lawmakers, signed by more than 7,500 people, urging sanctions on Israel over its policies of oppression, discrimination, and land grab and ignoring the United Nations."

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/adri-nieuwhof/netanyahu-war-criminal-says-former-dutch-pm
Current vacancy at Palestine Solidarity Campaign: Media and Communications Officer

PSC are looking for a Media and Communications Officer to work with the Director to oversee the operation of our external communications. 

Please visit and share the page:  https://www.palestinecampaign.org/about/opportunities/
"According to James Heenan, head of office at the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the occupied Palestinian territory, there are almost daily shooting incidents by Israeli forces into Gaza, often resulting in injury and even death as well as destruction of property.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160908-increased-israeli-attacks-on-civilians-in-gaza-endanger-two-year-old-ceasefire/
Palestinian Students from Gaza tell their stories:

"The wars on Gaza didnt just kill us, but our dreams too.

The barbaric Israeli siege prevents us from living as all people around the world do.

Because of this, we boycott Israel and we ask every single person who seeks freedom, justice and equality to boycott Israel."

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-students/
"Palestinian residents managed to clear the roadblocks in some locations, but soldiers returned to rebuild them shortly thereafter."

http://972mag.com/photos-israeli-army-blocks-main-roads-to-palestinian-villages/121759/
"More than 500,000 Israelis live in Jewish-only settlements across occupied East Jerusalem and the West Bank in violation of international law, with recent announcements of settlement expansion provoking condemnation from the international community."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773058
Israel's women football team are playing Wales in Newport on September 15th. Be there to protest at Israeli violations. 5pm Westgate Hotel and then march to Rodney Parade.

Bydd merched Israel yn chwarae yn erbyn Cymru yng Nghasnewydd ar 15 Medi. Dewch i brotestio yn erbyn camweddau Israel. 5pm wrth Westyr Westgate, cyn gorymdeithio i Rodney Parade.

https://www.facebook.com/events/642646025899321/
Israel: 21st Century Apartheid

Ben White will be speaking in Hastings next Saturday 17th September.
"The Israeli army regularly open fires on Palestinian fishermen and farmers along the border areas, despite a ceasefire agreement that ended the 2014 war.
The practice has in effect destroyed much of the agricultural and fishing sectors of the blockaded coastal enclave."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773065
"A report recently released by the Palestinian NGO BADIL, the Resource Center for Palestinian Residency and Refugee Rights, warned of an intensification of the systematic targeting of Palestinian youth in the occupied Palestinian territory since the beginning of 2016."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773061
"I remember when a 14-year-old child was buried under a pile of garbage, said Atef O., also 14, from Shuja'iyya, east of Gaza city. 

Each morning, Atef scavenges in the trash pits of Gaza city for five hours before attending school. There, he collects materials to be re-sold, making only 10 to 20 shekels ($2.60 to $5.20) a day."

Read more at Defence for Children International Palestine: http://www.dci-palestine.org/gaza_s_children_go_to_work_in_trash_pits_part_1
At least 18 Palestinians were detained in raids on the occupied West Bank on Wednesday night. Ma'an News Agency reports:

"Israeli forces carry out raids across the occupied Palestinian territory on a near-nightly basis. Although UN documentation estimates that the army has carried out a weekly average of 75 detention raids in the occupied West Bank so far in 2016, the average rose to 93 weekly raids from June onwards."
"Nour Hammad cannot accept that she may never see her brother Sajed again. Im still waiting for him to come back, she said.

On 10 September 2014, more than 400 refugees from Gaza, Syria, Sudan and Egypt were drowned en route to Italy. More than likely, Sajed was one of them, although his body has never been found.

His friends and family are keeping his memory alive. We are always sending him messages on Facebook in the hope that he will read them one day, said Nour."
Two young Palestinians were shot and injured by Israeli forces in separate incidents on Thursday.

A child was injured in the occupied West Bank when Israeli forces opened fire against Palestinian children walking back from school.

In the besieged Gaza Strip, an 18-year-old Palestinian was shot and injured in the city of Jabaliya.

Read more: http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773061
http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773055
Israeli forces raided a Palestinian house in occupied Hebron looking for an 8-year-old boy.

Read more: https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/video-israeli-soldiers-raid-house-looking-8-year-old
Issa Amro, the founder of Youth Against Settlements   , is facing "political persecution" by Israeli authorities, according to his lawyer.
A Palestinian family were forced to demolish their own home in occupied East Jerusalem, to avoid punishment by Israeli authorities.

Nabih al-Basti, 53, said "one of the most difficult moments is for someone to demolish their own house - memories and dreams are demolished with the home."

The number of demolitions of Palestinian homes in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem has risen dramatically in 2016.

Read more: http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773036
"A familiar narrative unfolded on Monday: Israeli forces killed a Palestinian, and media dutifully published a police spokespersons claim that the young man was shot dead during an attempt to attack soldiers with a car.

"But for the second time in just over a week, Israel soon admitted that the young man shot dead by its forces... was not attempting any attack when he was killed".
Tunahan Kuzu, a member of the Dutch parliament, refused to shake hands with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday.

"Netanyahu is on an official two-day visit to the Netherlands.

Huge pro-Palestine protests were held in the country ahead of his arrive with protesters holding banners which read send him right away to the International Criminal Court."
When the Movement for Black lives policy platform referred to US complicity in Israel's 'genocide' and 'apartheid' against the Palestinian people, Israel lobby groups reacted with outrage. 

In this article, Nora Barrows-Friedman explains the long history of human rights scholarship and analysis that supports the assertion that Israel is committing genocide.

Genocide can be applied to the destruction of a people or a national group as a viable group, and that can be both with their being driven from a land or the rendering of their language no longer legal, or just the destruction of their national identity, Katherine Franke, board chair at Center for Constitutional Rights.

Palestinians argue that what the state of Israel has done is try to deny the very existence or presence of Palestinians in the area that was mandate Palestine before 1947, she added.
Enshrined in international law, the right to return is the non-negotiable and inalienable right that Palestinian refugees have to return to their homeland.This includes those who fled or were forced to flee in 1948 as well as in 1967, along with their descendants.

Israel is continuing to violate its obligations under international law and has no intention of correcting or addressing the historic injustices that created the Palestinian refugee problem.
Brian Eno, the British composer and producer, has denied permission for his music to be used by a prominent Israeli dance company, after he learned the Israeli embassy was sponsoring them.

Eno is one of more than 1,170 UK-based artists and culture workers who have pledged to uphold the cultural boycott of Israel, by not accepting professional engagements in Israel, or with institutions linked to its government.

Its often said by opponents of BDS [Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions] that art shouldnt be used as a political weapon. However, since the Israeli government has made it quite clear that it uses art in exactly that way  to promote Brand Israel and to draw attention away from the occupation of Palestinian land  I consider that my decision to deny permission is a way of taking this particular weapon out of their hands."
At least 13 Palestinians were detained by Israeli forces in overnight raids across the occupied Palestinian West Bank.

Israeli forces frequently carry out sweeping arrest campaigns in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Ben White writes on a new court case challenging the Jewish National Fund (JNF). 

The JNF is part and parcel of Israel's institutional discrimination.
The family of Mustafa Nimir, a 27-year-old father who was shot dead by Israeli forces on Monday during a raid on the Shufat refugee camp has been informed that he was 'killed by mistake'. His 25-year-old brother in law was also shot and injured in the attack.

Initially released statements claiming that Mustafa and Ali had attempted to run over Israeli police, Israeli forces have now admitted that this was not the case. In fact, the two young men were returning home after buying food for their families.

Their sorry will not bring back Mustafa, Talal, Mustafa's father told Maan news after speaking with the Israeli police. Israeli soldiers do not value human souls and they kill for many reasons and have different excuses, as if they are hunting birds."
Writer's association PEN International: Palestinian poet Dareen Tatour, held under house arrest by Israeli authorities over a poem she wrote, should be released immediately and all charges dropped.
Don't miss Palestinian noir thriller Love, Theft and other Entanglements at ICA on Thursday 15th September.

The screening will be followed with a Q&A with director Muayad Alayan and is part of Safar Festival.

Tickets & more info: https://www.ica.org.uk/whats-on/safar-love-theft-and-other-entanglements-qa
Israeli forces detained and imprisoned 30 Palestinian teenagers in August alone, some as young as 13.
"The only thing the ministry has not apparently considered is ending Israels regime of occupation, apartheid and settler-colonialism and restoring Palestinian rights."
Two young Palestinian men were shot and injured with live fire by Israeli forces on Monday.  21-year-old Abd al-Ghani Bahlaq and 20-year-old Nimr Abu Ghazala were hospitalised.
The Women's Boat to Gaza (WBG), a "humanitarian solidarity mission", is ready to set sail to the besieged Gaza Strip.

"Notable activists, politicians, members of the media and cultural artists from around the globe are sailing on board the WBG. These include Nobel Laureate and peace activist Mairead Maguire, playwright and screenwriter Naomi Wallace and Cigdem Topuoglu, a professional athlete and coach, whose husband was killed in the Israeli attack on the Mavi Marmara flotilla in 2010."
Mustafa Nimir, 27, was shot and killed by Israeli forces on Monday morning, in a refugee camp in occupied East Jerusalem.

Eyewitnesses contradicted the Israeli forces' claim that Nimir was attempting a car ramming attack. His mother added that he was bringing home food and baby clothes.

Ali Tayser Nimir, Mustafa's brother-in-law, was also shot, and injured, and was hospitalised. 221 Palestinians have now been killed since October 2015.

Read more: http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=773009
Pledge to boycott HP, the technology behind the Israeli occupation and oppression of Palestinians.

Hewlett Packard (HP) systems are used in biometric ID cards which restrict and control Palestinians' movement. They provide technology and equipment to the Israeli Navy which maintains the blockade of Gaza. Their technology supports the Israeli military checkpoint system.

HP profits from the discrimination and oppression of Palestinians in the West Bank and within Israel. Together with our partners around the world we are campaigning to end HPs involvement in Israels oppression.

Join our campaign today and pledge to boycott HP.
Powerful photographs from this month in Palestine.
A powerful photo essay showing the punitive home demolitions carried out in the southern West Bank city of Yatta on August 4th, impacting 25 people residing in two separate structures, including 14 children.
A call for urgent action has been made by Palestinian officials to the UN Security Council to stop the growth of the illegal Israeli settlements on Palestinian lands.

Illegal Israeli settlement activities are increasing every day in the occupied Palestinian West Bank.
PSC is sending out materials for Freshers Week 2016, including badges, factsheets and much more.

If your student group would like these free resources posted to you, please email us with a mailing address.

info@palestinecampaign.org
Israeli Minister Gilad Erdan landed in the UK on Sunday to discuss how to combat the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement with British officials.

Embarking on his trip to London, Erdan described Britain as the world centre of the anti-Israel BDS campaign."

Opponents claim that the BDS campaign will not work, ignoring the fact that boycotts and sanctions certainly succeeded in ridding the world of South African apartheid, and that Israel wouldnt be so worried about BDS if it wasnt likely to harm the states interests.
An extremist right-wing Israeli setteler who chased and opened fire on a Palestinian taxi last month has been arrested over 'minor charges'.

When police inspected the 18 year old settler's home in an illegal outpost near Nablus in the occupied West Bank, they found the air pistol that was allegedly used in the incident, air gun ammo, several propane tanks, an empty 5.56 ammunition clip, a slingshot, and a metal box with tire-piercing spikes.
Mustafa Nimir was shot and killed in the early hours of Monday morning by Israeli forces who "showered" his car with gunfire following a raid of Shufat refugee camp in occupied East Jerusalem. Another young man was injured but his identity and health condition is still unknown.
Palestinians call on people in Turkey to reject the recent agreement made between Israel and Turkey. Instead, the Palestinian BDS National Committee (BNC) calls on the Turkish government to hold Israel accountable for war crimes and human rights violations.
I will make all the youth of the camp disabled. According to BADIL, the Resource Centre for Palestinian Residency and Refugee Rights, a commander of the Israeli forces threatened youths during raids at the Al-Duheisha camp to make them all "...walking with crutches and in wheelchairs. Israeli forces used live ammunition during these raids targeting mainly the lower extremities, especially the knee area, of teenagers and young people.
Yoav Galant, Israel's housing minister, has vowed that construction will accelerate in the illegal settlement of Maale Adumim.

Galant said the settlement in the occupied West Bank, illegal under international law, "is part of Israel and will remain part of Israel."
Israel plans to deploy unmanned vehicles fitted with remote-controlled machine guns along the border with the besieged Gaza Strip. An Israeli military official said: "This is the future".

The vehicles were developed by Elbit Systems, Israel's biggest private arms company. Elbit Systems also have a factory in the UK, where parts are produced for Israeli drones. #StopArmingIsrael
Israeli forces ransacked the home of a slain Palestinian man on Sunday morning and threatened to detain the deceased man's 10 month old daughter according to witnesses at the scene.
This morning Israeli forces carried out two new air strikes on Hamas-affiliated sites in Gaza. According to Israeli authorities this was in responds to fire from this area directed towards Israeli border forces. No damage or injuries have been reported so far.
Ashraf Amra from the Gaza Strip won second place in the Top News category in the prestigious Andrei Stenin International Photo Contest. The award was meant to be presented to him in Moscow, but he has been prevented from leaving the besieged Gaza strip by Israel.

The photograph which won Amra the award showed the father of a Palestinian baby, Rahaf Hassan, lying next to her body and hugging her for the last time. Rahaf was killed in an Israeli airstrike on her family home in Gaza in 2015. Her pregnant mother was also killed in the attack.
Please take action today and write to FIFA to demand they suspend Israel from international football competitions. 

Earlier this year FIFA said it is fully committed to respecting human rights and placed human rights at the heart of their statutes. It is time for FIFA to put this into practice and take action against Israel for its continued destruction of Palestinian communities and their denial of rights to Palestinians. Israeli racism should be kicked out of international football.
 
Currently FIFA is considering what action to take concerning Israeli football clubs that are based in illegal settlements. There is no place for racism and human rights abuses in football. This is a critical moment - we need to use this opportunity to tell FIFA to take action against the Israeli Football Association.  It is time to suspend Israel from international football competitions.
 
If you have not done so already please write to FIFA today. Our friends at Red Card Israeli Racism have set up an easy to fill in form for you to use.
Palestinian schools in occupied East Jerusalem have been told to adopt Israeli curriculum in order to gain sorely-needed funding.
The number of permits granted by Israeli authorities for Palestinians in Gaza to leave the besieged coastal strip has fallen dramatically in 2016.
This toolkit pulls together in one place what we hope is everything you are likely to need to run a campaign to Stop Hewlett Packard (HP) in the UK.

It draws on the experiences of campaigners over recent years and gives summaries of best ideas, draft motions and advice generally.

HP, one of the worlds largest IT companies, is one of the main suppliers of IT systems equipment and services to the Israeli military and security sectors, and to some settlements. Thus Hewlett Packard plays a key role in the occupation and the violation of Palestinian rights.
Between January and August 2016, Israel demolished at least 188 Palestinian homes in the West Bank, leaving some 800 people homeless. 

Two Brighton & Hove PSC members, recently returned from the occupied Palestinian territory, will report on this devastating destruction process on Tuesday 6th September at Friends Meeting House, Brighton.
Israel's siege of Gaza means severe fuel and electricity shortages for the 1.8 million Palestinians who live under blockade.

These students just designed and built Gaza's very first solar car.
"The Bedouins and the villagers of Susiya have been let down by the international community in the past. Their rights to adequate housing and to non-discrimination have been systematically ignored."

The security council will hear about the serious plight of these communities from the UNs special envoy to the region.

The international community must recognise the grave human rights implications of Israels plan to forcibly evict and transfer Palestinian and Bedouin communities.
75% of Bedouin preschool children sit at home all day with no access to education, leaving them socially and educationally disadvantaged.
After just under a year, Israel has finally returned the body of 22 year old Palestinian Bahaa Elayyan to his family, allowing his family to bury him, 325 days after his death.
Young people from Dheisheh refugee camp in Bethlehem have testified to the fact that Captain Nidal, an Israeli forces agent has made statements such as 'I will make all of the youth of the camp disabled' and 'I will make all of you walk with crutches and in wheelchairs'.

Early on Friday morning last week, Israeli forces invaded the camp and shot the legs of two youths. These raids are common, and Israeli forces have shot approximately 30 residents of the camp with live ammunition since January. Most have been shot in the legs and knees.
Muhammad Balboul, who has been on hunger strike for 56 days, was rushed to the intensive care unit at the Wolfson Medical Center in Tel Aviv on Thursday night after his health severely deteriorated.

Balboul has been sentenced to administrative detention, an Israeli policy of detaining people without charge or trial. This policy is almost exclusively used against Palestinians and erodes Palestinian political and social life by detaining scores of Palestinians without proof of wrongdoing.
The EU (European Union) have released a statement condemning an Israeli decision to approve plans for 463 new housing units in several Israeli settlements.

179 of these housing units have in fact already been constructed, without prior approval, but have now been approved by Israel.

Since January 2016 Israeli authorities have legalized 2,706 Israeli settlement units.
This Sunday 4th September join Milton Keynes PSC's fifth PalFest. 

Featuring live Arabic music, this free family event will offer the chance to sample Palestinian food, try some traditional Dabke dancing, and enjoy arts and crafts, films, story telling and drumming. There will be stalls selling Fairtrade Palestinian foodstuffs, beautiful embroidery and olive wood items.
At least 10 Palestinians, including a journalist, were detained by Israeli forces in raids across the occupied West Bank on Wednesday night.
A former Israeli general criticised the ongoing military occupation of the West Bank and Gaza, saying, "We are the world champions of occupation".
Nadia Shoufani, a Canadian teacher, was suspended after a speech she gave in support of Palestinian rights.

A spokesperson for Independent Jewish Voices said "Shoufani is being targeted in an attempt to silence her political views, and to set an example in order to intimidate others into silence".
Don't miss the Alrowwad Youth Theatre from Bethlehem performing in Derby on Monday 5th September. 

If you would like to attend, please email info@nottmpsc.co.uk
Israeli authorities have begun the secret trial of an official from a Christian charity. Mohammad El Halabi, the director of the World Vision charity's Gaza programme, was tortured, says his lawyer.

Amnesty said, "Secret trials are the most flagrant violation of the right to a public hearing. Holding these court proceedings behind closed doors would render any convictions obtained unsound".

The human rights organisation added, "Any evidence obtained through torture... must be excluded from proceedings".
Israel has approved yet another expansion of its illegal settlements.

464 units have been given the green light by Israeli authorities, drawing criticism from the US government, who said that settlement expansion and the demolition of Palestinian homes "fundamentally undermines the prospects for a two-state solution and risks entrenching a one-state reality of perpetual occupation and conflict".
Israel's chief of police says it's "natural" to be suspicious of Ethiopian Jews and Arabs.
"We dont want anybody to feel sorry for any of the artists in the exhibition or to clap for them just because theyre Palestinian".

See the Chapter 31 exhibition at P21 Gallery until 3 September.
"A normal state does not regularly demolish the homes of the people it occupies, or evict their occupants so that it can move its ethnically-chosen citizens into them." - Prof. Kamel Hawwash
Israeli forces detained 18 Palestinians in raids on Tuesday night.

There have been 71 weekly raids on average in 2016.
Israeli forces entered the besieged Gaza Strip on Wednesday morning, randomly opening fire and accompanied by bulldozers as drones flew overhead. 

The UN has documented 45 Israeli military incursions into Gaza since the 2014 ceasefire.
"I've never been to a place where profiling seems so celebrated".

Watch these stories from U.S. citizens banned from Israel.
Israeli forces have shut down a Palestinian radio station near the city of Hebron in the occupied West Bank. 

Al-Sanabel radio station was raided and ransacked, and five employees were detained for interrogation.

This comes amid an escalation in violations against Palestinian media freedoms by Israeli forces.
Israeli forces raided a school in Nablus in the occupied West Bank and arrested five students on Tuesday. Tear gas and sound grenades were used by Israeli forces to prevent students escaping.
Israeli authorities continue to systematically block investigations into suspected war crimes committed by its forces in Gaza.

"Israel has not examined even a single case in accordance with the international standards of investigation: independence, impartiality, effectiveness, promptness and transparency".
Thursday, 7pm GMT: Webinar about why we should Stop HP (Hewlett Packard). RSVP now: http://bit.ly/2bdeigm
Built on Palestinian land, the illegal Israeli settler outpost of Amona has even been deemed illegal by Israel's high court which ruled that it must be fully evacuated by the end of December 2016.

Despite this, the settlers and Palestinians claim the land was stolen with the help of the Israeli state. According to one of the first settlers of Amona-'When we came to these mountains, the government helped us. The government said this land ... was state land.' 

Whether the settlers will be evacuated and the Palestinian families will finally be able to access their land is yet to be confirmed.

"I am really hopeful that I will be able to go back to my land," he said. "I want to plant grapes and almond trees and to maintain it well, like it was before." Atallah Abdelhafez, one of the Palestinians who hopes to return to his family land.
An Israeli settler security chief told an Israeli military court hearing on Sunday that shooting Palestinians in the head when they are already incapacitated is common practice by Israeli forces, and does not result in court cases.
Two Palestinian minors, Mumin Tawfiq Hamayel and Abd al-Fatah Mubarek have been tortured, abused and medically neglected in Israeli custody, one of which after being shot at point-bank range when Israeli forces detained them for rock throwing earlier this month.

16 year old Mubarek has repeatedly expressed confusion as to why Israeli forces shot him with live fire as he was no more than half a meter away from them, and it was clear from the small rocks in his possession that he posed no threat to the soldiers' lives.
Activists advocating the boycott of Israel in Lebanon say there's a lot more work to be done to mobilise supporters.

Yet the campaign in Lebanon is probably the strongest in the region, outside of the occupied Palestinian territory.
Israeli forces carried out multiple detention raids in the night between Monday and Tuesday across the occupied Palestinian territory, detaining at least 23 Palestinians, including two minors.

According to prisoners rights group Addameer, 7,000 Palestinians were held in Israeli prisons as of July. The group estimates that 40 percent of Palestinian men have been detained by Israel at some point in their lives.
"The Bedouins and the villagers of Susiya have been let down by the international community in the past. Their rights to adequate housing and to non-discrimination have been systematically ignored. Today the security council will hear about the serious plight of these communities from the UNs special envoy to the region. The international community must recognise the grave human rights implications of Israels plan to forcibly evict and transfer these communities."
"I have been prevented from attending my parents funerals, deprived of seeing my sister and nephews who live in Bethlehem, just a one-hour drive away, for more than 16 years, and have been without a reliable source of electricity and clean water since 2006."

#GazaLives
This Palestinian poet was placed under house arrest by Israeli authorities for a YouTube poem.
Israeli authorities have delayed the delivery of textbooks for more than half a million Palestinian students in the besieged Gaza Strip.

"An Israeli official in the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT) said the books must first be examined and approved by Israel, before being allowed into the Gaza Strip."
An 18-year-old Palestinian woman was able to hug her dad for the first time in her life on Sunday. 

Yara al-Sharabati's father Ayman was detained before Yara was born and has only spoken with his daughter through a barrier.

Some 7,000 Palestinians are held captive in Israeli prisons.
"Two years on, a graphic and harrowing look behind the scenes at the Shifah Hospital in Gaza during the seven weeks of Israeli attacks in July and August 2014.

"The Shifah is Gaza's biggest and oldest medical facility and the dead and injured were brought there day and night during almost two months of bombardment by Israeli forces.

"Thousands also took refuge in and around the hospital while Palestinian medics often put in 30 hour shifts."
"Across the country, students are gearing up for another academic year and another season of campaigning for Palestinian rights."

Listen to this interview with US student campaigners.
Violations by Israeli forces against media freedom in the occupied Palestinian territory continue to rise dramatically. 

The most common of these violations include physical attacks against Palestinian journalists and the confiscation of equipment.
 
In the most severe incident, Palestinian journalism student Iyad Omar Sajadiyya, 22, was shot dead by Israeli forces in March.
These Palestinian women are tech leaders and they say Israel is trapping them in Gaza.
Book review by Hilary Wise:

"Ehrenreich explains the apparently crazy route of the separation barrier (here, as elsewhere in the book, maps are a great help): it twists and turns, sometimes looping back on itself, throwing a noose around a village, incorporating a settlement, scooping up tracts of good farming land, cornering valuable water resources. And always impeding the free movement of the indigenous inhabitants."
"I was very close to my father. He too was an interpreter. I learned so many things from him.

"But to my children, my father never existed. They had never met him. He had never come to see them, not because he didnt want to but because he couldnt. He was denied access to the West Bank and we couldnt go to Gaza.

"And when he passed away, we couldnt even go to his funeral in Gaza, by then under Israeli siege."
"These supporters launched a #matchthefineforpalestine campaign to raise funds for two relief charities operating in the West Bank. Their reasons for doing so were eloquently expressed in a GoFundMe page. In this, they stated their aim of raising 75k to match any Uefa fine and then distribute it to the two nominated charities. At the time of writing they are comfortably past the 200k mark and will be approaching 500k by the time of the Uefa hearing on 22 September."

https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/27/why-celtic-fans-flew-flag-for-palestine?CMP=share_btn_fb
Please join and share:

Israel's women football team are playing Wales in Newport on September 15th. Be there to protest at Israeli violations!

https://www.facebook.com/events/642646025899321/
From Gaza Lives

My name is Ahmad. Im 25, and Im from Shujaiyya.

The war lasted for too long, far beyond our expectations. It forced upon us a level of pain that exceeded what we had expected in our hearts and souls.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-ahmad/
"Each of the prisoners declared a hunger strike in protest of being placed in administrative detention -- an Israeli policy of detention without charge or trial almost exclusively used against Palestinians."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772876
"Israeli death threats against Palestinian aid workers, humanitarians, journalists and poets are nothing new, but the civil eliminations campaign is a step-up in a particularly alarming and duplicitous campaign. It is mainly targeted at groups that support BDS, the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160826-israels-civil-eliminations-campaign-spreads-to-europe/#.V8ATjq5g1z0.facebook
Palestine Solidarity Campaign is now recruiting for a new post:Media and Communications Officer.

For a job description and application pack please visit: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/about/opportunities/
PSC campaigns for justice, peace and self-determination for the Palestinians, in support of international law and human rights & against all racism.

Your membership is vital for us to continue our work. Join us now and become part of a mass movement for peace and justice for the Palestinian people.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/get-involved/join-renew-membership/
"My dream is to represent Palestine at international tournaments, said the young athlete who has not yet settled on her favorite distance. I need to exercise hard to sharpen my skills so that I can be well-prepared for any future race I might be lucky enough to join."

https://electronicintifada.net/content/gaza-runner-sets-sights-tokyo-2020-olympics/17766
"In June 2015, soldiers from the same unit were caught on video brutally beating Palestinian father Shadi al-Ghabeesh in Jalazone refugee camp near Ramallah. Al-Ghabeesh was then shot by Israeli soldiers in December that year and died of his wounds several weeks later.

Last year, soldiers also believed to be from the Netzah Yehuda Battalion filmed themselves shooting an unarmed person in Silwad as he walked down a street in the village."

https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/maureen-clare-murphy/israeli-soldiers-kill-palestinian-father
"This large number of Palestinians being shot around the knee by soldiers, probably leaving them disabled for life, reminded everyone of many others who had been injured in a similar way in earlier raids."

read more: http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/1.738889
FIFA has recently produced a video featuring Umm Al Khair, entitled Football Unifies, Inspires In Palestine, a village which has been attacked by Israeli forces repeatedly in the last few weeks. 

Please take action to ask FIFA to suspend Israel from international football competitions for destroying communities in Palestine.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/take-action-contact-fifa-demolition-umm-al-khair-village/
"The Israeli army regularly open fires on Palestinian fishermen and farmers along the border areas, despite a ceasefire agreement that ended the 2014 war."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772874
"The senior UN official emphasised that addressing economic recovery requires much greater financial investments and serious policy changes, including a lifting of [Israeli-imposed] restrictions on both imports and exports."

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160826-on-ceasefire-anniversary-un-agencies-urge-end-to-gazas-de-development-spiral/
Over the last few years, public opinion has become increasingly aware that the label of field tested stands for weapons developed during massacres and war crimes against the Palestinian and Arab people. Worldwide protests such as the occupation of Elbit factories in the UK and Australia, die-ins in many places, petitions, and in depth reports and media coverage have all contributed to this growing awareness.

https://al-shabaka.org/briefs/s-bds-lessons-elbit-systems-campaign/
"If you believe in equality, justice and freedom, boycott the Israeli oppressor."

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-students/
Palestinian footballers and fans suffered from tear gas inhalation on Friday after Israeli forces fired at crowds attending a match in the occupied West Bank.
"He has now been in custody for over two months. His lawyer and Farid have both sought to impress on the Israeli authorities that the severity of his childhood injuries and his subsequent inability to endure pressure, offence, torture and humiliation in these investigations."

https://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/a-ffbf-Bara-Abudheir-A-man-whose-future-is-fading-fast#.V8BGYfkrLIU
"That Palestinian olympian is Ahmad Abu Ghosh, 20, who was born in the Al-Nasser refugee camp to a Palestinian family from the village of Abu Ghosh" 

http://972mag.com/no-there-is-nothing-israeli-about-jordans-gold-medal-olympian/121568/
Please share widely: This is an urgent request for action as the communities of two villages are under the immediate threat of demolition by Israeli forces.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/fate-two-palestinian-villages/
Two young Palestinians were shot and wounded in the legs by Israeli forces in a refugee camp in the occupied West Bank on Friday morning.

The Israeli commander responsible for the area previously said "I will make half of you disabled, and let the other half push the wheelchairs".

30 Palestinians in the refugee camp have been shot with live ammunition in 2016, most of them in their legs and knees.
An unarmed Palestinian man was shot dead by Israeli forces near Ramallah in the occupied West Bank on Friday. Iyad Zakariya Hamed was 38 years old. He was a married father of three.
"Human rights groups have claimed the Israeli military investigations are biased and ineffective and have called for an impartial inquiry into the alleged war crimes."

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/israel-gaza-bombing-palestine-conflict-clears-itself-wrongdoing-a7209621.html
"Women celebrated Muslehs return and carried the recently released prisoner on their shoulders, joining a solidarity sit-in organized for hunger-striking prisoners to celebrate prisoner Bilal Kayid ending his hunger strike Wednesday after securing a release date."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772855
"Thank you for your solidarity".
The International Federation of Journalists (IFJ) has condemned the decision by Israeli authorities to extend the imprisonment of a Palestinian journalist, Omar Nazzal, who is on hunger strike.

IFJ president Philippe Leruth said Israel's policy was "a violation of human rights, the right to a fair trial and the presumption of innocence."

The Palestinian Journalists Syndicate said Nazzal's detention "reveals the level of targeting and persecution of journalists and their union by the Israeli authorities."
Riya Hassan, European coordinator for the BNC, commented: This latest victory is another sign that European governments are waking up to the problematic of having Israel as a partner in projects that risk undermining basic freedoms, democracy and human rights.
Israeli authorities have cleared their forces of any wrongdoing in a series of attacks on the besieged Gaza Strip in 2014. 

Two thirds of the more than 2,200 Palestinians killed by Israeli forces in Gaza during the brutal assault were civilians.
#GazaLives: Students tell their stories

"My name is Naema, a graduate from al-Aqsa University in Gaza.

This message is to familiarise you with one of the hidden crimes committed by the Israeli occupation against the Palestinians.

My mother had cancer. The hospitals and physicians in Gaza were unable to help her.

She had to leave Gaza for treatment, but Israels cruel siege didnt allow her. She fought her disease for five years.

Then she passed away.

This is one of their crimes. If you dont want more Palestinian patients to die this way, boycott the criminal, Israel."

Read more: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-students/

Photo: al-Aqsa University, Gaza
Israel's siege of Gaza denies Palestinians' freedom of movement.

Watch Rania's story now- and read more testimonies from Gaza here: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/campaigns/gazalives/

#GazaLives
Bilal Kayid has suspended his hunger strike after 71 days. 

The strike was in protest at the decision by Israeli authorities to hold him without charge or trial, after he had served a 14 year sentence. 

Palestinian sources said an agreement had been reached to free Kayid by December.
"We are very disappointed, said Medo al-Ashi, a 15-year-old oud player and singer. We are here to show the world that we dont have weapons. We just want to sing for love and peace."
A 30-year-old Palestinian man was shot and injured by Israeli forces at a border crossing in the besieged Gaza Strip. 

According to the UN, more than 2,600 Palestinians have been injured by Israeli forces in 2016.
"Israeli military incursions inside the besieged Gaza Strip and near the buffer zone" which lies on both land and sea sides of Gaza, have long been a near-daily occurrence."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772848
"Despite the renewed focus on BDS by Israel, the movement has recently enjoyed an increase in support, particularly at the grassroots level, and among trade unions, academic associations, artists, church groups and some governments, Barghouti said."

http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/08/bds-campaign-winning-battle-hearts-minds-160822091454440.html
Palestinian journalist Omar Nazzal, who was detained in April while trying to leave the West Bank en route to an international conference, will spend at least another three months in administrative detention, the Israel Defense Forces ruled on Friday.

http://972mag.com/palestinian-journalist-to-spend-another-three-months-in-administrative-detention/121494/
"In 1947-49, pre-Israel Zionist militia and later the Israeli military destroyed some 400-500 Palestinian villages, expelling their inhabitants. Most villages were blown up, their lands leased to Jewish communities or made part of national parks.

But it wasnt just dynamite and bulldozers; Israels first Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion cited reasons of state when he demanded that Arabic place names be removed."

http://newsweekme.com/where-is-palestine/
"Peace can only be achieved after taking tangible measures to oblige Israel to commit to the rule of the international community and the resolution of international legitimacy related to the full halt of Israeli settlements in 1967 lands.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160823-islamic-christian-group-warns-of-new-settlement-plan-in-hebron/
Join us to stop Hewlett Packard, who profit from the oppression of Palestinians. Resources and information here.
"Of course I understood what occupation meant, and how it worked, but what I didnt understand is, why Palestine?" - Abdalaziz.

Marking two years since the brutal Israeli assault that killed more than 2,200 Palestinians, #GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-abdalaziz/

Photo: Erez Crossing by amillionwaystobe (Flickr)
Abu Nuwwar is one of several Bedouin villages facing forced relocation due to plans by Israeli authorities to build thousands of homes for Jewish-only settlements in the E1 corridor.

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772814
Qarawat Bani Hassan, a Palestinian village in the West Bank water shortage since Israels national water company decided to reduce its supply.

http://972mag.com/watch-far-from-the-public-eye-palestinian-villages-are-being-dried-out/121465/
"This decision by Portugal gives hope to our people and sends a strong message to Israel that there is no business as usual for as long as it continues  military aggression against Gaza and repression in the West Bank. "

https://bdsmovement.net/news/portuguese-government-withdraws-controversial-project-israeli-police-following-bds-pressure
"The violence used by Israeli occupation forces thankfully does receive criticism: its "heavy-handed," some say, perhaps a violation of international humanitarian law. But rarely is it framed in the context of a colonial, military regime - and nor are Palestinian efforts to confront Israeli forces."

http://www.middleeasteye.net/columns/gaza-west-bank-media-context-killings-israeli-army-988009801
"What BDS demands of the State of Israel is simple: adhere to international law and respect the human rights of Palestinians. This would include fulfilling its obligations to UN Security Council resolutions 478, and 242, UN General Assembly Resolution 3236, and respecting the 4th Geneva Convention  Israel routinely violates articles 49 and 53. If, as supporters of Israel say, BDS will lead to the destruction of the State of Israel, then what that means is that Israel cannot exist without violating the human rights of Palestinians. A democracy, indeed. "

http://alternativenews.org/index.php/features-02/172-the-false-logic-of-anti-bds-rhetoric
Celtic fans have now raised well over 100,000..

https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/aug/23/celtic-fans-warned-not-to-fly-palestinian-flags-at-match-in-israel
The Green Brigade group of supporters set up an appeal on the gofundme website on Sunday to match the anticipated fine, and donations passed the 90,000 bar!

https://www.theguardian.com/football/2016/aug/22/celtic-fans-raise-45000-for-palestinian-charities-after-flag-protest
On Tuesday 9th August 2016 the Israeli army demolished five homes of the Al Hathaleen family in Umm Al Khair, continuing the cycle of demolition-rebuild-demolition over eight recent years.  Three of the demolished structures were funded by the European Union.

FIFA has recently produced a video featuring Umm Al Khair, entitled Football Unifies, Inspires In Palestine, a village which has been attacked by Israeli forces. Please take action to ask FIFA to suspend Israel from international football competitions for destroying communities in Palestine.
"#3. Israel implements a de facto annexation policy through its settlements. There are approximately 125 government-sanctioned and 100 unofficial settlements in the West Bank, which host over half-a-million settlers in the OPT. This is illegal under international law as per Article 49 of the Fourth Geneva Convention. In addition to infringing further upon Palestinian rights, these settlements exploit Palestinian resources. The Israeli government estimates that the value of goods produced in settlements located in the West Bank and exported to Europe is approximately $300 million per annum. Besides economic exploitation, Israeli settlers regularly attack Palestinians and their properties physically without facing any criminal charges."
Palestinian human rights defenders are being targeted for attempting to hold Israel to account at the International Criminal Court.
Celtic fans have launched a fundraiser to match the fine their club will be given after hundreds of Palestine flags were displayed at a recent game.

The initial target was 15,000, but at the time of writing has reached 43,000, in just one day.

The money will be donated to Medical Aid for Palestinians and to the Lajee Centre, a Palestinian creative cultural children's centre in Aida Refugee Camp, Bethlehem.
"This is Gaza, the Gaza that no words can describe, the Gaza that no language, even Arabic, can provide a simple description for, since only with the flooding of blood does the world locate Gaza on the map." - Ahmad, 25.

Marking two years since the brutal Israeli assault that killed more than 2,200 Palestinians, #GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-ahmad/

Photo: Mohammed al Baba/Oxfam  destroyed greenhouse in Gaza, July 2014
Israeli forces once again opened fired on Palestinian fishermen off the coast of the besieged Gaza Strip. 

Two fishermen were detained, Sharif al-Sultan and Muhammad al-Sultan.
Mohamed Jabaly, a young man from Gaza City, is given permission to join an ambulance crew and films his experiences. As war approaches, he is searching for his place in a country under siege, where at times there seems to be no foreseeable future.

Don't miss the DocHouse screening of Ambulance in London on 26th August, which is followed by a Skype Q&A with the director.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/events/ambulance/
Several Palestinians, including a 17-year-old boy, were injured when Israel attacked the besieged Gaza Strip on Sunday night.

Palestinians in Gaza have been living under siege for ten years, with Israel tightly restricting what can come in and out.

In the summer of 2014, Israeli forces killed more than 2,200 Palestinians in Gaza, including more than 500 children.

This Guardian article chooses to ignore this context. It does not even inform readers that Gaza is under siege by Israel.
Israeli forces delivered a demolition warrant to a Palestinian family of 7 in the village of al-Tuwani in the Hebron Hills region of the occupied West Bank on Sunday.

Nasser al-Adra, head of the village council said the decision was "a dangerous escalation against al-Tuwani and its neighboring villages and hamlets."

Israeli authorities demolished more Palestinian homes in the first month of 2016 than they did in the whole of 2015.
#GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.
A Palestinian on an open hunger strike in an Israeli jail has been hospitalised after suffering a heart attack. Dozens of Palestinian prisoners are on hunger strike in solidarity with Bilal Kayid. 

Kayid has been on hunger strike for more than two months, after Israeli authorities decided to hold him under administrative detention - without charge or trial - after he served a 14 1/2 year sentence.
Gaza is under sustained bombardment by Israeli forces tonight 

#GazaUnderAttack
The UN called on Israel to release Palestinian prisoner Bilal Kayid, who is being held under administrative detention- imprisonment without charge or trial. Kayid is 68 days into a hunger strike.

UN official Robert Piper said, "This is an egregious case, in which Mr. Kayid was placed on administrative detention on the day of his scheduled release after completing a 14.5 year prison sentence."

http://www.maannews.com/Content.aspx?id=772772
Israeli forces bombed the besieged Gaza Strip by air and with tank fire on Sunday. 

Two Palestinians were injured, including a 20-year-old man who was hit in the face with shrapnel.

Gaza has been blockaded by Israel for the last decade.
Israeli forces detained 17 Palestinians in overnight raids on Saturday, including a 12-year-old boy, Yazan al-Kurdi.

The last month has seen an escalation of Israel's systematic mass detention of Palestinians in the occupied West Bank.
"This is my story, this is our story, the story of the devastation we face, the story we cannot forget." - Abdelrahman 

Marking two years since the brutal Israeli assault that killed more than 2,200 Palestinians, #GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-abdelrahman/

Photo: UN Photo/Shareef Sarhan - Scenes from Gaza After Israeli Air Strikes, July 2015
Palestinian band Dawaween were denied passage from Gaza to Jerusalem to participate in the Palestine International Festival. 

So they played an impromptu concert at the Erez checkpoint in protest at the decision by Israeli authorities.
Two Palestinian designers made a tote bag that went viral. 

The bag features Arabic writing, which translates as "This text has no other purpose than to terrify those who are afraid of the Arabic language".

Haitham Haddad said that as Palestinian citizens of Israel, his and co-designer Sana Jammalieh's bag design "came from our reality".

"There's sort of a common fear or misunderstanding of the Arabic language here. So it was an in-your-face message to make fun of people who are scared of the Arabic language".
Israeli forces recently demolished Palestinian homes built with EU money
An interrogator kept swearing at me and slapping my face the whole time telling me to admit to charges (I didnt commit).
"We are an unarmed people: education, and the power of justice are our weapons to liberate our land." - Wiaam, 22.

Marking two years since the brutal Israeli assault that killed more than 2,200 Palestinians, #GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-wiaam/

Photo: Iyad al Baba/Oxfam  Shujaiyya, July 2014
Breaking international law, Israel is holding three Palestinian minors, all under 18 years old, without charge in Israel's Ofer prison.
Gaza is headed for an 'environmental catastrophe' with severe water shortages and an electricity crisis that leaves some households with only a few hours of electricity a day. An estimated 3% of Gaza's water is actually safe for drinking.
For #InternationalHumanitarianDay we must remember we remember the medics who risked  their lives during the 2014 Gaza attacks.

During the summer 2014 attacks on Gaza, 16 health workers were killed while on duty, and 83 health workers, most of them ambulance drivers were injured.

Via Medical Aid for Palestinians
WATCH: Israeli demolitions explained.

Between January and August 2016, 684 Palestinian-owned structures have been levelled, displacing 990 residents.

If you havn't already-write to your MP asking them to take action to save two Palestinian villages from demolition: https://www.palestinecampaign.org/fate-two-palestinian-villages/
US presidential candidate Jill Stein explains her support for the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement.
"I cannot describe the horrors I saw as people were crawling to escape and the shelling was chasing us, hitting some who were killed. If you were slow to run, death would be your certain destiny." - Anonymous mother of eight.

Marking two years since the brutal Israeli assault that killed more than 2,200 Palestinians, #GazaLives tells the stories of Palestinians from Gaza, in their own words.

https://www.palestinecampaign.org/gazalives-anonymous/

Photo: Iyad al Baba/Oxfam - Shujaiyya, July 2014
Palestinian women detained by Israel threaten to launch protest against ill treatment of their relatives during family visitations. According to prisoners, Israel's Prison Services (IPS) had shortened visiting hours and forced visitors to undergo fully nude strip searches.

Prisoner's rights group, Addameer has reported on the treatment of Palestinian women prisoners by Israeli prison authorities, stating that the majority of Palestinian women detainees were subjected to "psychological torture" and "ill-treatment" by Israeli authorities, including "various forms of sexual violence that occur such as beatings, insults, threats, body searches, and sexually explicit harassment.
The only power plant in the besieged Gaza Strip has announced that it is unable to operate on more than one generator as it has run out of fuel. This power plant was targeted during the last major bombing of Gaza in 2014.

Gaza has experienced severe electricity shortages over the years, making the dire living conditions even worse. The usual schedule for electricity in Gaza alternates between eight hours of power followed by eight hours without. 

The UN has warned that the Gaza Strip would become uninhabitable for residents by 2020, pointing to the devastation of war and nearly a decade of Israel's blockade.
More than 90% of the occupied Palestinian West Bank's Jordan Valley region are Palestinians, less than 10% are Israeli settlers. However the distribution of water in this area is very different. Illegal Israeli settlers are entitled to between 8 and 9 times more water than Palestinians.

This policy aims to ethnically cleanse the Jordan Valley of Palestinians.
Expansion of the illegal Israeli settlement Har Gilo solidifies the confiscation of land that previously belonged to the quiet Palestinian village of al-Walaja in the occupied West Bank.

'When there are no settlements on a piece of land that has been taken, there is hope that we can get it back, but the second they start building on it, that's it - we know it's gone for good.'Omar Halajay, Walaja resident.
The leading indirect cause of death in Palestine-diabetes. 

Life under occupation has spurred the progress of diabetes, with poverty and unemployment leading to inactivity and poor diet combined with a lack of facilities for physical exercise such as football fields and playgrounds.

An estimated 15 percent of Palestinians have been officially recorded as suffering from diabetes, compared with a global average of nine percent.
After five long months, Israel has finally returned the body of a Palestinian for burial on Wednesday night after withholding it from the slain man's family.

21 year old Muhammad Jamal al-Kalouti was shot alongside 19 year old Abd al-Malak Saleh Abu Kharoub in Jerusalem.

Israel has dramatically increased its policy of withholding bodies since October, in this time 218 Palestinians have been killed by Israelis.
Good news from the US!

One of the largest American churches, the Evangelical Lutheran Church, passed two motions targeting Israel's occupation and abuses of Palestinian rights. Read more:
https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ryan-rodrick-beiler/massive-shift-lutherans-vote-halt-us-aid-israel

Separately, the city of Berkeley, California adopted a resolution to divest from firms including G4S, who provide services to Israeli jails where Palestinians are systematically mistreated. Read more:
https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/nora-barrows-friedman/berkeley-divests-torture-profiteer-g4s

Photo: Palestine solidarity activists protest against G4S
Ben White writes: "The so-called Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not an ancient, tribal conflict, or millennia-old grudge match. Nor, as some propose, is it a tragic clash of competing nationalisms, or a cycle fuelled by religious extremism. The Zionist political project in Palestine has been, and is, a form of settler colonialism."

"The Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) campaign has three demands: the end of military occupation, the end of discrimination against Palestinian citizens, and the right of return for Palestinian refugees. Together, these demands go to the heart of what Zionist settler colonialism has meant for Palestinians  and they help suggest what a process of decolonisation would look like."
Well done to Celtic FC fans, who displayed hundreds of Palestinian flags at a match against an Israeli side on Wednesday.

The demonstration, in protest of Israel's occupation, risks large fines from Europe's football governing body, UEFA.

In 2014, Celtic FC were fined $18,000 after fans waved Palestinian flags during a match. UEFA say that Palestinian flags violate a rule barring political expression. Organisers of the protest said:

"When someone is representing Israeli state institutions it is sadly never merely a game; football, UEFA, and Celtic FC are being used to whitewash Israels true nature".

Read more: http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/scottish-football-fans-protest-match-against-israeli-team-palestine-flags-1552150491
Mohammed Abu Hashah, 17, was shot and killed by Israeli forces on Tuesday, at a refugee camp near the Palestinian city of Hebron in the occupied West Bank.
Israeli forces have detained 560 Palestinian children from occupied East Jerusalem alone in 2016. 110 are still being held in Israeli jails, according to the Palestinian Committee of Prisoners Affairs on Monday. Palestinian children held in Israeli prisons suffer systematic and widespread physical and psychological abuse.
In two separate incidents in the occupied West Bank on Tuesday, Israeli forces made 70 Palestinians homeless, with no prior warning.

8 houses were demolished in Hebron, leaving 50 people from one extended family homeless. They were forced from their homes at gunpoint.

In the Bethlehem area, 20 members of one extended family were made homeless by demolitions committed by Israeli forces.

Read more: https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160816-50-family-members-homeless-after-israeli-demolitions/ & https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160816-israeli-demolitions-in-bethlehem-leave-20-homeless/
Israeli authorities have issued 38 orders for administrative detention against Palestinians, including a parliamentarian and prisoners who had been on hunger strike against administrative detention (internment without charge or trial, based on undisclosed evidence).
Eid Hathaleen uses debris from demolitions to make models of equipment used by Israel to raze Palestinian homes
A Palestinian school has been ordered to shut down in order to be demolished by Israeli authorities. 

The school, in Khan al-Ahmar, a Palestinian Bedouin village near Jerusalem, opened a week early to protest the decision.

Khalid Quzmar, of Defense for Children International, said the school "was built using mud and tyres to avoid breaking laws that prohibit Palestinians from using cement in construction".
Israeli forces have withdrawn from the al-Fawwar refugee camp near Hebron in the occupied West Bank, after an onslaught that left a Palestinian teenager dead, and 45 others injured.

Amjad al-Najjar, head of the Palestinian Prisoners Society and resident of al-Fawwar, said that he and his entire family, with 40 members, were locked inside a room in his house during the raid.

"Israeli soldiers searched and ransacked the house and left after four hours, which is when we realized they stole gold and money."
Israeli forces were filmed in an unprovoked attack on Palestinian youths on Monday. A stun grenade was used against four Palestinians relaxing outside a house. 

Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem said that stun grenades are "dangerous weapons that can cause death, severe injury and damage to property if used improperly". 

Ali Abunimah writes that "Israeli military occupation means death, injury, destruction, land theft, imprisonment and loss of livelihood, among other grave abuses."

"But it also means countless other acts of daily, gratuitous cruelty and humiliation inflicted by armed men against a population that has no rights and few protections."
Around 70 Palestinians, including several children have been left homeless after Israeli forces demolished eight homes in the outskirts of Sair village in the eastern Hebron district and in a home demolition near Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank. 

One of the homeowners said that the demolitions came without any warning, other than 'stop working warrants' which were issued two years ago.
Israel have been surveying land in the southern occupied West Bank near Bethlehem in order to declare the land 'state land' so that they can build a new settlement, a move which is seen to be 'another step towards cutting the West Bank in two'.
17 year old Muhammad Abu Hashhash died after being shot in the heart with live ammunition by Israeli forces earlier on Tuesday. 

At least 32 other Palestinians were injured during clashes in al-Fawwar refugee camp in the southern occupied West Bank district of Hebron.
In February, the Israeli army demolished two trailers which were to serve as a new school for first- and second-graders. The cabins, donated by a French nongovernmental organization and funded by the European Union, bore visible EU logos.

In the past, these large stickers bearing the EU logo offered a modicum of protection from demolitions. But this year, at least 150 European-funded structures in the West Bank were demolished by Israeli bulldozers in the first three months of 2016.
Congratulations to Palestinian athlete Mayada Al-Sayad for finishing her Olympic Marathon in Rio. 

She completed the marathon in 2:42:28, ranked 67. Mayada was also the winner of the Half Marathon in the Right to Movement Palestine Marathon 2016, The Palestine Marathon takes place in Bethlehem in April each year with the option of running 10K, half or full marathon. This year saw nearly 4500 runners take part - check out their website for more information if you're interested in competing next year . 

https://www.facebook.com/palestinemarathon/photos/a.298461700274115.72522.298444916942460/1019138984873046/?type=3&theater

http://palestinemarathon.com/about/whoweare/
For his comments, Moti Dotan, the leader of Lower Galilee Council, Moti Dotan, is being sued for NIS 10 million (2 million) by the Coalition against Racism.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/israeli-lowert-galilee-council-leader-moti-dotan-sued-for-saying-arabs-should-be-barred-from-jewish-a7191696.html?cmpid=facebook-post
"Thirteen year old Nasreen understands the importance of education, she wants to be a teacher. She said education is a means for her community to defend themselves."

https://blog.eappi.org/2016/08/15/the-rubber-tyre-school-fears-demolition/
The week in Palestine from Middle East Monitor - Featuring Christian Zimmermann, a German-born Palestinian dressage rider, representing Palestine at the Olympics. 

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20160812-the-week-in-pictures-84/#jp-carousel-187163
"The most painful part was when I would ask for water. I would ask for it in the afternoon, and they would bring it to me at 12am at night. I would call and call for them - but they would not give it to me when I asked for it. I have diabetes, and I need water."

http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/08/israeli-prison-grave-160812185323768.html
"Nafez Demiri, 55, from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Beit Hanina, who has been deaf and mute from birth, lost an eye as well when he was shot. Mohammed Sunuqrut, 16, was shot in the face and killed in Wadi Joz in East Jerusalem."

http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/culture/.premium-1.736360?utm_content=buffer1ca02&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer
"The situation in Gaza is worse: as if the water shortage isnt enough, recent studies indicate dangerous contamination of existing water reservoirs due to the ongoing blockade on Gaza, which began in 2007, and the inability to desalinate water due to the lack of electricity."

http://972mag.com/global-protests-highlight-severe-water-crisis-in-gaza-and-west-bank/121367/
"Israeli military arrests and prosecutes around 700 Palestinian children a year."

https://www.facebook.com/JewishVoiceforPeace/videos/10155092101224992/
