Both moderate outlets like  and pro-government operations like  have run the comments Flynn made in a column for  this week. Flynn referred to Gulen’s Islamic school movement, Hizmet, as a “scam,” adding that the United States “should not provide him safe haven.”“We must begin with understanding that Turkey is vital to U.S. interests. Turkey is really our strongest ally against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria [ISIS], as well as a source of stability in the region. It provides badly needed cooperation with U.S. military operations,” Flynn argued.His remarks are Friday’s front-page story of the , the government newspaper. has also run , the head of parliament’s External Affairs Commission, who said he believes that the extradition conversation can resume in earnest as early as February, following the inauguration.“Talks on this issue [extradition] can be done once it’s February. At this stage this expectation has to be voiced but the U.S. government transition has to go through,” he said. “Because Trump is [now] president-elect. After Trump assumes his duties, this file [on Gulen] should certainly be sent to him.”“Ankara now expects the Trump administration to work closely with Turkey toward Gülen’s detention and his ultimate extradition,”  argues, citing Flynn’s column. “Trump is expected to approach the FETÖ issue more positively for Ankara. He will collaborate more with Erdoğan on this radical group FETÖ,” the newspaper quotes Burhanettin Duran, director of the Foundation for Political, Economic and Social Research (SETA), as claiming., an opinion piece by Hilal Kaplan, compares Islamist President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to President-Elect Trump. “Just as the left-wing and liberal stratum in Turkey never learned the reasons why Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has been the leading political figure in Turkey for the last 15 years, treating the Justice and Development Party (AK Party) electorate as hillbillies and could not accomplish anything beyond insults, the Trump dissidents are behaving in the same way today,” she argues. Kaplan notes that Erdogan reportedly mentioned Gulen during his congratulations conversation with Trump.The Turkish government view Gulen as a  who has spent years plotting Erdogan’s overthrow and have accused him of orchestrating the July 15 failed coup against the Islamist Justice and Development Party (AKP). Despite his opposition to Erdogan, Gulen himself is an Islamic cleric, responsible for maintaining a number of  in the United States. While the FBI has raided several of these schools on suspicions of fraudulent economic activity, the U.S. government has yet to find any evidence that Gulen has engaged in unsavory political activity.Following multiple  for Gulen’s extradition after July, Washington was forced to clarify that Turkey had  of Gulen’s involvement in the coup attempt. The Turkish government admitted that this was correct — rather than provide American investigators with evidence against Gulen, government officials and supporters compared Hizmet to the “” of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS) and accused a “” of staging the coup.Gulen currently lives in the Pennsylvania Pocono mountains. Erdogan has detained, arrested, or fired  Turks accused of having ties to the Hizmet movement.
