“[Washington] Secrets has already received reports that illegals are already starting to leave the country. One source said that some in Virginia left for the border on Wednesday, the day Donald Trump was declared the winner,” Paul Bedard  in the .As President-Elect Trump stated in a major policy speech in Phoenix, Arizona in August, every illegal alien in the U.S. is subject to deportation. There will be “zero tolerance” for illegal immigration under a Trump administration.“Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation – that is what it means to have laws and to have a country,” Trump .The 1.4 million illegal aliens who signed up for Obama’s amnesty are prime targets for deportation. The incoming Trump administration will get their identities and addresses, along with their open admission that they broke into the country.“Four years ago I pointed out the fundamental problem with the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program: Anyone who signed up for DACA would be adding their names to a list of self-identified illegal aliens. Should a future administration decide that it would start enforcing the law, the DACA program would provide list of prime candidates for deportation,”  John Miano at the non-partisan Center for Immigration Studies (CIS).“At the time, this was so obvious that I was surprised anyone would be stupid enough to sign up for DACA and DAPA (Deferred Action for Parents of Americans). Yet apparently hundreds of thousands of people did so anyway,” he added.One million of the illegal aliens who got temporary amnesty are from Mexico. Over half  live in California or Texas.The news also destroys the media’s false choice of either mass legalization or mass deportation of illegal aliens. Enforcing immigration laws across the board will gradually encourage many illegals to return to their home countries.And as a poll commissioned by CIS shows, majorities of Americans of every race support across-the-board enforcement and a reduction in immigration rates. The poll found that 54 percent of voters  immigration reduced by half or shut down completely, while 58 percent said that illegal aliens should not be allowed to remain in the U.S., even if they do not commit a “serious crime.”
